Written by Nicholas Jarecki 4/17/11 BLACK. Over CREDITS we HEAR: ...but you took a huge bet on the housing crisis in the middle of the biggest boom anybody'd ever seen. Why? I'm a child of the 50's. My father welded steel for the Navy. And my mother worked at the VA. INT. ROBERT'S MANSION - DAY As the conversation continues we see: 1. A MAID clean an expansive living room, waxing a mahogany table. 2. A BUTLER open sliding doors to an empty grand sitting room. 3. An overhead shot as a SERVANT carries packages up a long winding staircase. They lived through the Depression, Pearl Harbor, and the Bomb. And they didn't think bad things might happen; they knew they would happen. Is that what's happening now? When I was a kid my favorite teacher was Mr. James. Mr. James said that world events always revolve around five things: BY-ONE) INT. ROBERT'S LIVING ROOM - DAY And right on cue, we see for the first time -- ROBERT MILLER  -- sitting on a sofa across from MARIA BARTIROMO and a nearby MONITOR. M-O-N-E-Y. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 2.  Was this freshman econ? This was fifth-grade econ.  But this is something we've seen over and over again, time and time again, that competition for this-- limited amount of dollars out there, can make even the best of us manic. So it's not surprising that we see these asset bubbles, but when reality sets in of course, they burst. "ARBITRAGE" And we push tighter into the plane, cutting into the engine, as we hear a sonic boom and focus inside, revealing... INT. FALCON A sleek, slate-gray cabin, divided into three seating areas. At the back of the plane, five AIDES DE CAMP chatter in hushed tones, pouring over a sea of red-inked paper. In the galley, GAVIN BRIAR , pours a coffee. He brings it who sits alone in his private area facing the cockpit, scribbling his own red-ink across a stack of CONTRACT DOCUMENTS. His effortless slouch, silver hair, and all- commanding mannerisms make one thing clear: Robert's our man.  Here you go... Robert sips it. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 3.  You're disappointed. Quants? Derivatives structures? What was that about? It makes no sense. That's what you said last week. Why'd we go down there? To sign. And did we sign? No. No. We did not. Instead I fly two thousand miles for a marketing meeting... And where was Mayfield? What was this "emergency"? What was that about?  Did you speak to the auditors? Why? What if... we don't don't close this week... We push into a close-up of Robert, as he contemplates what this would mean. EXT. WESTCHESTER AIRFIELD - MOMENTS LATER The ROAR of thirty million dollars landing near tall grass. EXT. HANGAR - CONTINUOUS Robert walks down the passenger steps onto the tarmac, followed by Gavin and the aides. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 4. They approach a waiting MERCEDES MAYBACH. The aides hand file them into the trunk. EXT. STREETS - CONTINUOUS The blur of city lights as the limo passes over bridges and towards the city and Park Avenue and finally approaches EXT. GRACIE SQUARE - ROBERT'S MANSION - CONTINUOUS An enormous turn-of-the-last-century Stanford-White-designed red-brick MANSION- two already-giant townhouses combined. Robert and Gavin exit the limo and head inside. INT. ROBERT'S MANSION - ENTRY HALL - CONTINUOUS It's our first glimpse of Robert's home, and it doesn't disappoint. It's an 1850's Tudor given a full once-over, maintaining period details but updated with a Modernist flair. It actually works. A SERVANT takes Robert's briefcase from him as he enters, handing him three small PRESENTS which he puts under his arm. We HEAR sounds of a DINNER PARTY complete with CHILDREN laughing. Hold on Robert's face- some mixture of excitement and anticipation. INT. DINING ROOM - CONTINUOUS A party in progress, dinner already served. Seated around a large square table are: ELLEN wife), BROOKE , PETER son), TOM , ANNE , and Ellen's playing with one of the kids. She sees Robert.  Look, your grandfather's here! The kids clamor for Robert's attention. He moves around the table, hugging them all. Hi, guys! Goldenrod - 4.17.11 5. Hi Grampi! What did you bring us? Robert hands out the presents, and the kids unwrap them in a frenzy. He continues making the rounds until he finally gets to Brooke and Peter, seated next to each other. They embrace, but we notice clear restraint, a marked contrast to his behavior towards their kids. It's your birthday, Dad, not theirs. You're spoiling them rotten.  It's my job! It's my job. You guys turned out fine!  Debatable. SMILE) How you doin', son? Good? Robert rounds the table and takes his seat next to Ellen as she discreetly waves to the SERVANTS. We had to eat. The kids were starving...  No, no that's okay. Where's my drink, is this mine, here? Another SERVANT enters with a CAKE flickering birthday candles. Everyone notices and starts CLAPPING. HEY! HAPPY BIRTHDAY! YAY! Robert smiles. They finish cheering, then CLINK glasses for a toast. Thank you, thank you, thank you all very much, it's such a surprise, I didn't even know it was my birthday! Everyone laughs a little. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 6. What did Mark Twain say about? He said-- old age... is clearly a case of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.  I've done a lot of things in my life, worked very hard, but being here, looking around-- at all these shining, radiant faces, I know that my best work is right here in this room, right now... I'm deeply proud of all of you. That's the best gift your mother and I could have hoped for,  so, thank you...  ...and to have sold the company to Standard this morning! They all LAUGH.  That, too, Peter, but- no business tonight-- no business! Oh, here we go! More group LAUGHTER. Although your one-track mind assures me you've got not only your mother's genes, but you've got mine, too! More LAUGHTER. Robert laughs, too. He sees Ellen hug Peter across the room. Now, I'm aware that may seem uncharacteristic, but maybe it's taken me sixty years to realize what's truly important -- and it's you guys so thank you all very much.  Hear, hear! Goldenrod - 4.17.11 7. INT. STUDY - MOMENTS LATER A warm, clubby room, kept traditional. Robert pours out two SCOTCHES. Kids are wild.  I don't know about me as a mom. No, no no, you should have-- I want more "you's" around. Robert brings the drinks to the banquette where Brooke rests with an open FOLDER. He resumes signing papers.  It's all about you, isn't it.  Four... and nineteen. Yeah, yeah yeah... Brooke nods, tries to smile. So what was that all about? What? The last time you made a speech like that we lost the Firestone bid.  Yeah, well... I just... wanted it to be about the family tonight. She nods again, unconvinced, then pulls out a MAGAZINE. You see this? He looks closely at it. A "Forbes" cover story: "Robert Miller, the Oracle of Gracie Square: Investor profits in uncertain times by predicting housing crisis." Goldenrod - 4.17.11 8.  Yeah... Oy. You know how I feel about that. Trash can. Peter's got a copy pinned up in the conference room.  Well, you gonna keep skirting around it? Brooke leans back and stares at him. Why sell our company? We make a great return, we give money to the causes we believe in... My darling, you are still in your 20's. I am 60. That's a big difference in point of view. Dad, you're not that old.  It catches up alright. And maybe there's some other things I'd like to do. Maybe I would like to spend a little more time with you guys... outside the office. Brooke shoots him a look.  What? Staring at him, then  I'm just trying to imagine what we would do. INT. ENTRY HALL - LATER Ellen is supervising the yawning children as the party winds down. She sees Robert put on his OVERCOAT. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 9. Where are you going? Office. Now? Yeah I gotta finish up that thing. She holds a beat, then approaches and straightens his collar.  But, I haven't given you your birthday present yet...  I'll be back as soon as I can. He kisses her and starts to exit. She stares as he walks out. Hold on her. EXT. LOWER BROADWAY - NIGHT A TAXI stops in front of a large frosted-glass apartment entrance. Robert exits, paying the DRIVER through the window.  Yeah, Gavin, it's me, uhh... When you get this -- I want you to call Chris Vogler at Fremaut, tell him I need to see him right away, okay? INT. LOFT APARTMENT - NIGHT exquisite space. It's the modern mirror of Robert's mansion, the lines carried through fully this time. And Julie is the modern woman: sleek, fit, and flowing, even at home. She's intently focused, handwriting personal notes onto a stack of INVITATIONS for the "Julie Côte Gallery - Paintings by Victor Rodriguez - April 10th" as she downs the last of a WHITE WINE. She's got a seating chart out that she's working on. The INTERCOM RINGS. Julie heads over, sees Robert's face on the VIDEO MONITOR. She holds a beat. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 10. EXT. LOFT APARTMENT - SAME Robert waits in the cold, staring into the camera as Julie watches him from inside the loft, not moving. After a second, the door BUZZES open. INT. JULIE'S LOFT - SAME Robert enters. Julie is already back at the table, writing. She's arranging 4 POLAROIDS of different paintings on a wall, along with a SEATING CHART. He walks down the long hall. He comes up behind her, running his arms across her stomach.  Okay... She crosses to the open kitchen and pours out more wine, lights a cigarette. Robert trails. Alright, I'm sorry. I'm sorry I'm late. I'm always late-- you know that-- and I'm sorry. And I'm always saying I'm sorry about being late.  It doesn't mean I wouldn't rather be here with you. They stare at each other as she drags off the cigarette, then stubs it out. He gestures to the dining table. The show's gonna be beautiful.  You gonna be there? DEFINITIVE) I will be there. She stares, still in the moment. Then she heads to the fridge and slides out a homemade BIRTHDAY CAKE. He stares at it.  Oh wow, that's great. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 11. I made this for you. You made this? This is amazing. One candle, thank you very... She reaches for the cake, grabbing a piece of it with her hand and... SMEARS IT ONTO HIS FACE. The tension breaks, and they LAUGH. He grabs her and they kiss furiously, pulling at each other's clothes as she pushes him backwards into the bedroom and they begin to make love. INT. GREENBERG & COMPANY - OFFICE HALL - THE NEXT DAY Robert enters the palatial quarters, decorated with ornate 18th century furniture. As we'll see soon, it's a stark contrast to his functional empire. He follows a striking British RECEPTIONIST down a long hallway passing a massive glass conference room. They arrive at INT. GREENBERG'S OFFICE - SAME The receptionist escorts Robert in. Standing to greet him is Thank you, Diane. She exits. Robert sits. A moment of silence. So? I'm here. Guess what's not? Jeffrey, I told you, I'm... "...working on it," yeah. Well, while you're doing that, lemme tell you what's not working...  Jeffrey... Goldenrod - 4.17.11 12.  ...what's not working is my four hundred twelve million dollars that's sitting in your account so you can pass your audit, the four hundred twelve million that you needed, you said, for two weeks, and which has been languishing now for  thirty-two days, while it could be elsewhere invested, earning an actual return, instead of couching the absurd lie that you're spinning. What do you want me to say? That you're gonna get a signature from Mayfield, and that my hostage money and my fee are going to be sent to me promptly, say... by tomorrow? A beat. I am solving the problem. I am getting you your money and your fee. You will have them very shortly. When? As soon as they sign the contract.  You know, I'm not the one with the liability, pal. I just made a loan. You're looking at jail for a thousand years for fraudulent conveyance and... ...Stop it! You don't have to talk to me like that!... I didn't get you into this mess! You were a friend of mine!... Goldenrod - 4.17.11 13. ...remember when you asked me if it was a good idea to divert half your liquid assets into a fucking copper mine? What did I tell you? Are we done here? I think we're done here. Jeffrey stares at him contemplatively for a moment, then appears to reach some sort of conclusion.  Friday morning I take my money back.  You can't do that... ...the fuck I can't, it's in an escrow bill with one-day call rights... ...I need the money there until they sign, Jeffrey. What if they check again? That's really not my problem, is it?  Not your fuckin problem... EXT. STREET - MADISON AVENUE Off Robert as he storms the pavement. INT. ROBERT'S LIMO - CONTINUOUS And enters his waiting limousine, SLAMMING the door.  Let's go. They drive off. Robert turns on the TELEVISION. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 14. The DOW continues its uptick this morning on new housing starts to rise 132 points. Asian markets fared less well, especially in Russia, where further nationalization plans caused foreign investment to sputter, leading to various... Close on Robert, trying hard to contain his building rage. His phone VIBRATES a TEXT, from Julie: "See you at 8!" He stares at it, breathes in deeply. The CARPHONE rings: "Gavin."  What? Seven-thirty tonight at the Four Seasons. We'll get it straight with Mayfield then.  Good. Very good. INT. ROBERT'S BEDROOM - LATER Ellen stands tying Robert's TIE in front of a dressing mirror. Is this too blue? It's the third one you've tried. She finishes tying it. He looks in the mirror. Ay, yay yay. I look old. You look regal, and wise, and granted a little worried. What is going on? Are you afraid of this meeting? They haven't signed the papers. I thought that's why you flew down there. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 15.  So did I, but for some reason they're stalling. I didn't get any sleep on the plane and... Now come on. It will all work out. Just follow the plan. What plan is that? "Confidence equals contract."  You sound like a fortune cookie. They're your words, actually. Then you married an idiot.  Okay, but I was thinking, idiot, that, after the deal is done, which it definitely will be, why don't we just take off? Pete's in the best place he's ever been, your daughter is always as brilliant, right? So, I wanna have some fun. I wanna have fun with you! He stares at her softly, but stays silent. Let's go to Ravello- the house there. We haven't been there forever..  There hasn't been time. We have to make time. We go for a year. Let's take a year and get fat and have fun and go on an adventure. I mean-- seriously-- how much money do we need?. Do you wanna be the richest guy in the cemetery? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 16. He straightens his jacket, laughs. I don't wanna be in the cemetery! Oh, by the way, Mary called from St. Victor's Hospital, again, she said they still haven't gotten the check yet... I'm taking care of it. The gala is Friday. Should I be selling my ring? What's going on? I've had to move some things around for the merger. It's only two million.  Only two million?  Yeah! You remember-- Riccio's? Full meals... two bucks... all you can eat... three bucks... I do remember. But I do not remember you being so sentimental unless you were trying to change the subject. A KNOCK at the door.  I don't know what you're talking about... Ellen slaps his behind. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 17. INT. MAYBACH - NIGHT Robert and Gavin ride, both shuffling papers. INT. FOUR SEASONS RESTAURANT - CONTINUOUS Robert trails Gavin up the stairs as he types out a TEXT The MAITRE'D spots Robert and greets him as he approaches. MAITRE'D Mr. Miller, good to see you, sir. Your party has already arrived. He leads Robert and Gavin into the INT. POOL ROOM Where we see Brooke and Peter seated with a group of Displeasure immediately registers on Robert's face.  Where the hell is Mayfield? Gavin shakes his head. They approach the table.  Mr. Miller, thank you for coming. We were just getting acquainted with Brooke and Peter here.  I hope they didn't beat you up too much. They've been terrific. Dad, we've been talking about operations. Tim thinks once we consolidate we can save about fifty percent on our back-office. Robert phone VIBRATES. It's "Julie" calling. He silences it. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 18. I'd love to hear about that, but...  I had thought Mr. Mayfield planned to join us tonight.  Jim should be here in twenty minutes; he suggested we get right into details. I was just telling Brooke: now that we can market your quants' track records, we have access to a host of new capital that... Robert drifts as the suits prattle on. INT. POOL ROOM - LATER The execs are still chattering. Robert is sweating. Julie calls again. Robert silences it again. Then he gets a text: "9:40pm - FUCK YOU." ...assuming we shed debt through some small liquidations, I'd say... I'm sorry, gentlemen, we've been here nearly two hours now. Where is Mr. Mayfield? He just texted me. He's very sorry, but he's been detained. Detained where? Silence.  Alright, I think I can leave you with my family? Of course. Again, Mr. Miller, a privilege. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 19. Yeah, yeah yeah. Robert refuses Aimes' hand and heads out. Brooke rises.  Dad... They move off to the side.  This is the bullshit way you try to close a deal? Port? Would you like to have some port? INT. FOUR SEASONS RESTAURANT - MOVING As Brooke catches up with her father in the hallway. Did you get my message? No. What's up? We need to sit down. What is it? I don't want to talk about it here.  BROOKE-- I found some strange entries in the "Old Hill" books. What kind of entries? I'm not sure yet, but there's definitely something off. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 20. Alright, come by about eleven tomorrow and we'll look at it then. And Brooke? Yeah. See if you can find out what happened to Mayfield. 26 She nods, as Robert dashes down the hall. 26 EXT. JULIE CÔTE GALLERY - A LITTLE LATER Robert exits his MAYBACH in front of a big scene in progress: trendy FOLKS overflowing into the street, cameras FLASHING... INT. GALLERY - CONTINUOUS The space is cavernous, modern luxe -- a Liagre design with thirty-foot columns and slab granite. The ART COLLECTION on display is indeed beautiful- photo-realist paintings -- and each one tells a strange story. Robert enters and scans the room. No Julie. He approaches the gallery ASSISTANT. How're they doing? Great. Everyone loves them. Yeah, but how are they doing? So-so. He scans the party further. No Julie. Where's Julie? She's in the back. INT. GALLERY - OFFICE IN BACK - CONTINUOUS We pick up on Julie bumping two rails of COCAINE. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 21. She's dressed in a burnt red, form-fitting Lanvin dress, hair coiffed, perfectly made-up-- if we didn't suspect anything, we'd think she was the precise image of New York art-world success. Julie pulls her hair back and straightens, enters the main gallery... INT. GALLERY - CONTINUOUS Where she quickly sees Robert searching for her through the crowd. She stops dead, considers going back into the office... But she stands firm. Robert finds her eyes. He stares at her. She stares back, with a simple look that says, plainly: "Go away." She turns and heads off to talk to a group of PATRONS, including the painter VICTOR. One of the group is a DASHING Robert approaches, staring at the young man, then at Julie. She's all smiles, but she doesn't immediately introduce him. He stands there, until-- Hey, Julie. Oh...  This is Robert Miller, one of our collectors. This Katrina Stanton, and Alex Stanton and their daughter Ava, who is a talented young artist. Robert shakes hands with the group, exchanging pleasantries, especially kind to young AVA . Oh, really? Painter? Drawings. Julie begins to walk off, disappearing into the crowd.  Yeah, that's great. leave, to the group)  Goldenrod - 4.17.11 22. I like the size of the paintings, I wanna talk to you about them in a second. Robert trails Julie, moving up to her quickly. He reaches out to touch her and she spins towards him violent, definitive. What? Why are you doing this? Go -- away. Julie heads back to the buyers. Dismayed, Robert takes a last glance, then recedes out towards the entry desk. He approaches the gallery assistant he was talking to earlier and picks up the buy sheet at the desk, marking some pieces. I will take  those two. And the Rubik's cube on the back wall.  Right there, number seven. Don't tell her it was me.  I mean it. You got it. Robert walks out and hails his driver. INT. ROBERT'S BEDROOM - LATER Off Robert, in bed with Ellen who is asleep. He gets up and stumbles to the bathroom, puts on a robe. INT. PRIVATE ELEVATOR He approaches the basement level carrying a folder of papers... Goldenrod - 4.17.11 23. INT. SERVICE KITCHEN And sits at the counter, staring at a REPORT of some kind. He refills a glass of SCOTCH, downs it. INT. JULIE'S LOFT - NIGHT Julie's a touch worn from the evening, but she's still composed. She sits with five guests including her gallery assistant, the HANDSOME YOUNG MAN from earlier, TWO WOMEN, and TWO GUYS who look like painters. One does a line of ...fucking Dalwood wouldn't know a Van Gogh from a Van Eyck. And they call it a "State of Contemporism..." Julie's phone RINGS. She looks at the Caller-ID, her home line calling) confused.  Who's this? It's me. What do you want? I'm here. Where? INT. JULIE'S LOFT - BEDROOM Robert watches Julie through a crack in the doorway. He's on her CORDLESS phone. We INTERCUT. I'm in your bedroom. Can you get those people out of here? Are you serious? Look down the hall. Do you see me? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 24.  I see you. Okay, so I'm serious. She hangs up and begins to clear out the guests. Robert sits, unbuttoning his collar. INT. JULIE'S LOFT - LIVING ROOM The guests finally leave. Julie heads to the bedroom... INT. JULIE'S LOFT - BEDROOM And finds Robert sitting, looking a little too comfortable. You just come in and out whenever you want? I thought we should talk...  One damn night in a month I told you was important to me, et tu es meme pas capable d'etre la... ...I was working, do you understand? I'm under enormous pressure, I have obligations... ...I don't want to hear about your obligations. If you cared -- YOU I was there! I was there! I was late, but I was there. And I'm here now. No, no, no. You're here when it's convenient for you to be here. C'est pas ca l'amour. Love means Goldenrod - 4.17.11 25. She walks off into the Robert follows her. They stand at a great distance as she downs a red wine. I'm sorry. Why did you buy those paintings? Because I liked them. Her face falls slightly, but she keeps her grace -- and her anger. Okay, thank you for helping me get started. But if I'm gonna fail-- then let me fail! Julie, you're not gonna fail. Why would you fail? He crosses towards her. You know, I'm not the kinda guy who wants to throw money away but if you wanna start a business, you have to project a certain image. What image? Success. He sits down next to her. The market's a disaster right now; nobody's moving anything. That's why you gotta show sales. People look at you then and they say "Whoah, how'd she do that?" -- and that's what they remember. Always. She stares at him, laughs a little in devastation, then... Goldenrod - 4.17.11 26.  You're never gonna leave her. Hold on Robert's face as he stares at her, silently. Julie is on the bed, holding herself, crying. Robert comes up next to her, hugs her. Come away with me. Let's just take your car and go... ...Where?... There's a place upstate. Very beautiful, on the water. We can wake up there together- just you and me. I'd like that. She's keeps crying, but... Me, too. EXT. HIGHWAY - DEAD OF NIGHT A MERCEDES 450 SEL driving the interstate towards Connecticut. Billie Holiday sings her 1959 "Just One More Chance." We hold on a two-shot through the windshield: Julie rests her head on Robert's shoulder. And the camera moves closer into Robert's face, Julie snuggled next to him, Billie's music lulling the moment into tranquility, and finally, just finally, Robert has a moment's respite, as he slowly closes his heavy eyelids, nodding off into a trance of desperately needed sleep until... A SCRAPING METALLIC NOISE jolts us back to EXT. HIGHWAY Reality -- as the car drifts into the CENTER MEDIAN where the tire catches on a small metal SCRAP and BLOWS OUT, flipping the car over and over until it CAREENS to a halt. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 27. INT. CAR Robert's eyes flutter open as he comes to, groggy. He's badly injured, but breathing. He starts to feel his body. Movement returns... He looks over at Julie. It is instantly obvious she is dead: she's been nearly decapitated, a deep gash ripping through her neck. Shock, followed quickly by panic. We hear a DRIPPING sound. A gas leak... Robert reaches into his pocket and dials 911... He looks at the phone just before pressing "Send"... and hangs up. He tries to open the door. It's stuck. He KICKS at it. It opens. EXT. TWO-LANE HIGHWAY - NIGHT He drags himself out of the car. Stands. Smoke is still rising from the smashed hood. He pulls up his shirt. A DEEP BRUISE: a broken rib from the steering column. He winces. He takes a few steps forward, moving around to the passenger side. He looks again at Julie. Horrific. He reaches out to touch her, then stops. Hold on his face. He sinks to his knees, putting his head in his bloody hands. He SCREAMS. Then he rises, and begins hiking to the side of the road. EXT. FIELDS - DEAD OF NIGHT Robert walks and walks through tall grass. In the distance behind him, A MASSIVE EXPLOSION lights up the sky in a fireball as the gas tank finally catches, incinerating the car and its contents. INT. GAS STATION BATHROOM Robert cleans himself up in the sink, applying soap and water to his cut stomach, scrubbing frantically, He takes all the paper towels and puts them in his pocket. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 28. EXT. GAS STATION - LATER Robert picks up a PAYPHONE by the bathrooms, cradling it to his ear with his sleeve and dialing with his other finger through his shirt fiber.  Yes, I wanna make it collect... Your name, sir? Lawrence Grant. RINGING, then... Who the fuck is this? Jimmy, it's me. Robert? I want you to listen to me very closely... EXT. CAR WRECKAGE SITE DET. MICHAEL BRYER  sits in a TAN SEDAN, drinking a cup of deli coffee. Barely awake, he stares out the window at a bunch of STATE TROOPERS arguing with his partner, MILLS. his head. Bryer gets out of the car. You gotta be fucking kidding me. Catching detective wants us to rule before he calls it. We've been having the same fuckin' argument for twenty years.  Goldenrod - 4.17.11 29. They can't handle one drunk motorist kills herself? I'm not so sure about this... Bryer heads over to the car, his interest piqued. Mills shines his flashlight towards the passenger side. Car roll had multiple impacts, but she was here  and her feet  were down there. Bryer immediately sees what he means-- dented metal, even in the burnt door. ... So who kicked out the door? Bryer bends his head down to the car's passenger side, looking off into the distance of the path Robert took just moments before. EXT. GAS STATION About twenty yards down the road, a BLACK SUV hums, waiting. Robert opens the passenger door and gets in. INT. CAR - CONTINUOUS Inside is JIMMY GRANT , Black. Let's go. They start to drive. Jimmy looks over at Robert; he's pretty banged up. You gonna tell me what this is? It's better you don't ask. So all you're sayin' is, you need a ride somewhere. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 30. That's correct. Because I want to be very clear about this: you called me to give you a ride. I'm giving you a ride. No, you're not. We're not here. Oh, no? Then where the fuck are we? We're both alseep right now. At home. Which is where you left your phone, right? Right. Because if anyone checks... Why is anyone gonna check? They're not, as long as we're not here. Anybody know you're here? No. Somebody knows you're here? No! But somebody knows-- you're not there. Well, my girl... Oh, Jesus, Jimmy... Man, you call up two am, what the fuck you want? She asked me where I was going. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 31. What'd you say? I told her I had to run out a minute. A beat. Do you trust her? Is this the kinda shit you used to do to my dad? Do you trust her? Yes, I fucking trust her! Good. So you're at home, and I'm at home. My wife gets up at five am for Pilates -- I will be there next to her, where I've been all night. And you'll do the same with yours. Jimmy exhales a long sigh. This is some pretty fucked up shit. Jimmy... No, man, come on, I don't hear from you since the fuckin' funeral, you call me up out of the blue, using my father's name, ask me... ...what do you want, you want money? I will give you five thousand dollars! I will give you ten thousand dollars! I'll give you whatever you fuckin'... Jimmy swerves the car to the side of the road and stops. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 32. You wanna talk to me like that you can get the fuck outta my car and you can walk! You want that?! You wanna fuckin' walk home?!  Listen... I'm sorry. I'm not myself. I need your help. Jimmy waits a moment, then re-enters the road. Robert winces in pain. You alright? Robert is holding his side. He pulls up his shirt. Jimmy sees the awful purple bruise from the steering column. Jesus, man! We gotta get you to a hospital. No, I just... have to get home... I'll deal with it in a couple of hours. What if you don't make it a couple of hours? Then I don't make it. EXT. THIRD AVENUE - NIGHT The SUV stops a few blocks from Robert's house.  Call me, alright, and let me know it's okay.  Better we don't talk for a while. through the window) So what you get in a bind and just call up the only nigger you know? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 33. Robert looks at Jimmy, eyes tearing. I'm sorry, Jimmy. I really am. Just go home. Yeah, alright, man. Take care of that. Jimmy's car drives off. Robert hobbles up the block. INT. ROBERT'S MANSION - NIGHT Robert enters the basement. He runs into a security monitoring room. We see a street view of cameras outside the door he just entered. He pulls DISCS out of VIDEO RECORDERS. INT. ROBERT'S MANSION - SERVICE KITCHEN Robert stands in front of a bin marked INCINERATOR. He is wearing a new T-SHIRT and SLACKS. He places all of his bloodied clothes and the video discs into the incinerator, pouring LIGHTER FLUID on top of them. Staring at the clothes, he notices one cuff link is missing. He strikes a match, setting the items on fire and closes the hopper. As he exits the burning area-- Everything okay, sir? Robert turns, startled. I'm fine, Glen. Go back to bed. The servant shuffles off. INT. ROBERT'S BEDROOM - NIGHT Robert quietly undresses, leaving on the white UNDERSHIRT. He presses at his rib, winces again. Then he gets into bed and stares at the ceiling.  Where did you go? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 34. What?  I woke up for a minute, you weren't here... I just went to... eat some ice cream. Was it good?  Yes... Good. Don't forget to take your Lipitor in the morning... Ellen... What? Do you still love me? Of course I do... She rolls over. Hold on Robert's face. EXT. PARK BENCH - DAY Hypothetically, the situation you're describing would be involuntary manslaughter. And such a person... ...would be in a lot of trouble, especially if that person was closing a merger with a large public bank where any publicity or arrest could delay or derail the transaction.  Goldenrod - 4.17.11 35. But that's only if there was some evidence that could link him to the crime. Fingerprints, DNA? Very hard to collect after an explosion. The real world's different from television. What about cell phone records? Did this person make any calls from the area? Not from a cell phone, no. Then they won't be able to place him there. What would you advise such a person to do? To confess immediately. Failing which? To put as much distance between himself and the event as possible, if possible. But let me tell you something, and I'm speaking to you as a friend now: there are about fifty things that person wouldn't have thought of. And the more time that passes, the more lies that are told, the worse it gets for him. Robert stands.  Robert... Yeah. They're going to come to you. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 36. I know. An accident's not the worst trouble. If we talk to them now we can probably work it out. You tell me what happens if the Standard deal does not close, and I gotta tell my investors about our real losses? Nothing good. And what'd you say about the Justice Department? Depending on what they decide to arrest me on-- fraud conviction gets me twenty years? I did.  What choice do I really have? EXT. FREMAUT ACCOUNTING HEADQUARTERS - LATER We follow CHRIS VOGLER  through the busy lobby out to the street. He crosses Park Avenue and gets into Robert's limo. INT. LIMO - CONTINUOUS Robert opens the Percocet bottle, downs four PILLS. Chris enters and sits. Robert mimes a question. You're aware Congress plans to extend the audit requirements for private funds. Of course I am aware. I gave testimony to the committee.  You know this. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 37. Well, Standard wants to prepare for it now. So I was asked to go through every one of your trading books and reconfirm their assets. No. Absolutely not. That's impossible. Don't worry. I put the team on different books and I left "Old Hill" for myself.  Anyway, I'm here to tell you-- I cleared it. The audit's cleared? The report will be issued today. Actually, I'm calling it my "swan song." You're leaving? Yeah, on Friday, it's a five-year clock.  And why? Uhh.. To prevent exactly what we're doing. But honestly, there's nothing left to worry about. It's -- great. The carphone RINGS.  Get out. Chris exits.  What? How was it? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 38. What? The show. What the fuck are you talking about? The show, Julie's show? Oh... Oh, it was fine... A beat as Robert rubs his eyes. Mayfield's here. He's here? Where? Sherry Netherland. Checked in about an hour ago. He called? No, Brooke has a friend on the executive committee who said he's taking meetings in his room...  Maybe he's settling in. You think we're dealing with a fucking idiot?  I spoke to legal. They said Standard will sign once they get the audit report. That's being issued now. How do you know that? Never mind that, just find out why Mayfield hasn't called us. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 39. How am I...? Do I have to do every Goddamn thing myself? JUST FIND OUT! WILL YOU PLEASE...? THANK YOU! He hangs up and exhales deeply. INT. MILLER CAPITAL - LATER We track through a Spartanly-furnished trading office: high- design with lacquer and muted mahogany. PEOPLE at COMPUTERS make phone calls. CLOCKS show different time zones. INT. ROBERT'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS Brooke sits across from Robert. They're reviewing papers. I cannot reconcile it... Reconcile what? The "Old Hill" Fund. Dad, are you listening to me? Of course I'm listening.  Okay, those trades are in the special book. They don't get audited on the same balance sheet. Yeah, but look at the sheet! It can't be right. There's a four hundred million dollar hole here. I mean that can't be right. INT. ROBERT'S OFFICE RECEPTION - CONTINUOUS Det. Bryer enters the glass doors and badges the RECEPTIONIST. May I help you? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 40. Detective Bryer. I was hoping to see Mr. Miller. Is he expecting you? Possibly. INT. ROBERT'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS ...the way that this sheet reads, half of the fund's assets are missing.  That's ridiculous. That can't be right. I know, it's ridiculous, and yet... Okay, I'll look into it. I promise you I'll look into it. The Intercom handset RINGS.  Yeah. There's a detective Bryer here to see you?  Give me two minutes, then send him in... Everything alright? Yes, my other meeting just got here early. We'll have to pick this up later. Okay. And Mom wants to know about the hospital check? Brooke, we'll pick it up later, alright? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 41. Okay. Brooke exits. Robert steels himself. Detective Bryer, hi, I'm Cindy, Mr. Miller's personal assistant, right this way. INT. ROBERT'S OFFICE CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS As Brooke exits, she and Bryer cross paths. She eyes him... He doesn't look familiar. Off Brooke, curious. INT. ROBERT'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS Robert leads Bryer towards two sofas where they sit opposite each other. Yeah, I'm sorry to keep you waiting. You can sit there. We just heard about it. Really terrible. Okay, so you were an investor in her gallery? Correct. How'd you meet her? Through... I think it was a charity function. My wife and I have a foundation. Uh-huh. When'd you last see her? Last night, at the gallery. Did you stay till the doors closed? No, I think I left about ten. Where'd you go? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 42. Home. You go straight home? Yeah. You stay home? Yeah.  Your wife home?  Yes. Bryer shifts, edging forward. Okay. Okay, so now, back to the gallery. Did you see her with anyone? See her with anyone-- what do you mean? You know like a boyfriend, someone she might've left with? Not that I noticed. No. No, no. Reason I ask, is, that we haven't located the driver. The driver? Yeah, someone else was driving.  Sometimes, the driver, will go for help-- and he'll die tryin', you know... Goldenrod - 4.17.11 43. This is awful. This is truly awful. We're searching the area right now. So no boyfriend that you know of? Actually we didn't talk about personal matters. She was just an employee, right? Well not an employee. I was an investor. Why'd you invest? Why did I invest? Yeah, why'd you invest? She had a great eye. She found me  those Bryce Marden's there. They went up in value very quickly, and on the basis of that I agreed to fund some of the gallery.  Would you mind if we searched her apartment? Why would I mind? It's in your company's name. Oh, right. Yeah. Of course. Sure, go ahead. Now, Mr. Miller... Mmm-hmm? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 44. Why would you lease an apartment for Ms. Côte? Is that something you normally do for your employees? Actually I said that she wasn't an employee, but-- I think she'd just come over from Paris if I remember, and she needed a place to entertain buyers. So you leased her this apartment. It was through our holding company. You seem a little confused by all this...  I am. But I'll get there. Gimme time. Alright. Now, I don't mean to be indelicate... But you're going to be indelicate... Well, from what I've been able to gather, she wasn't exactly an art star. I mean, she worked for a couple a dealers in Paris, but... Oh, okay, I get it, so why would I invest in her and help her find a place? Something like that, yeah. It's very simple, detective. I invest in people I believe in. I thought she'd do well, so I backed her, she did. It's is simple as that. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 45. STANDS) Well that seems to make sense.  So we're all good with the apartment, then? Sure. Thanks. Robert shows him to the door. Bryer turns back. What happened to your head? What? That's a nasty cut; I've been looking at that for the last five minutes. Does it hurt you?  Oh, no, I just hit it on the medicine cabinet. Last night? This morning. Hate when that happens. Yeah. Me, too. Well, thanks for the chat. No problem. Bryer heads out. We hold on Robert as he closes the door and winces in pain. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 46. INT. ELLEN'S OFFICE - OUTER SUITE - DAY A serene khaki suite with high-post windows and white upholstered furniture. On the walls are gala posters from various charity events.  Ellen Miller's office... INT. ELLEN'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS Ellen's standing, cradling the phone and packing her handbag. Across her desk, SUSAN  reviews the guest list for the hospital event.  And it, it transformed them, seriously.  There's a Detective Bryer in the lobby. Ellen holds up her hand, buying a moment.  And thanks again for your generosity. Alright, we'll see you then. Thank you, bye.  I'm sorry, what? Detective Bryer. What does he want? I don't know. Ellen smooths her suit and puts her bag over her shoulder.  Well, I'm late so-- I just can't deal with it right now. Okay, what about these? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 47. Send them a thank you note, Zappos has been so generous-- Thanks, bye guys. EXT. ELLEN'S OFFICE Ellen exits the building, passes the doorman and then Bryer, who is waiting in his car outside the multi-unit townhouse where she keeps her office. She doesn't notice him as she passes and enters a TOWNCAR. She's about half-way into the car when he approaches.  Mrs. Miller?  Yes?  Detective Bryer. Did you just call my office? Yeah, I was hoping to talk to you. Well, I don't have time right now, sorry..  Just take a couple a seconds. It's about your husband. Well, fine, but, make an appointment. She closes the door and rides away. Bryer smiles in frustration, walks back to his car. INT. TOWNCAR - DAY Off Ellen's face as she tries to keep it together, shaking. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 48. INT. JULIE'S LOFT - DAY A FORENSICS TEAM sweeps the apartment, collecting fingerprints, rug samples, etc. Mills supervises from the side. Bryer approaches. How'd it go? Well, the wife blew me off-- which was interesting. And he didn't admit to the affair, but then he wouldn't, would he? Why didn't you pick him up? He's a very rich man. What happened with the pay phones? Mills pulls out a SHEET from Verizon. Got about fifteen calls in a three- mile. Two of `em look a little strange: got an incoming-- that's probably a local drug deal... And the one we care about? Collect call. About a minute and a half. Made from the Chevron station on West Lake Road. Who'd he call? Cellphone in Harlem. Still waiting on the address. PACES) So, you're at the crash site. Alright, and... you make it outta the car. Now... You're smart enough not to use your own cellphone. So you get to the pay phone...  Goldenrod - 4.17.11 49. and you're a billionaire, right? You're a billionaire-- so whaddya do...? PUNCHLINE) You call someone in Harlem? INT. MILLER CAPITAL - OFFICE CORRIDOR - DAY Robert is heading down the hall towards the elevators. Gavin jogs up to him.  Robert, I just heard about Julie... I'm so sorry. Her Gallery called. Her mom's flying in today.  Her Mom...? Service here? Tomorrow at nine am. Well we should pick up the expenses for that. Whatever she wants. You'll take care of that personally, for me?  Of course... Are you okay? You reach Mayfield? The ELEVATOR arrives and Robert gets in. Not yet, but we'll get him...  Robert, I... Thanks. Appreciate your concern. Gavin's still staring as the doors close. EXT. CONVENT AVENUE - JIMMY'S APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY Goldenrod - 4.17.11 50. INT. UNDERCOVER CAR - SAME Bryer and Mills wait. Jimmy approaches. Let's flash him. They drive up on the sidewalk, blocking Jimmy's path, and Mills exits the car. EXT. JIMMY'S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS Mr. Grant? Yes? stepping into the car? What's this about?  Just get in the car, Jimmy. Am I under arrest?  You wanna be? INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - LATER Jimmy sits across the table from Mills and Bryer. They show him PHOTOS of Julie's burned body at the crash site. So let's do this again. Man, for what? My answers ain't gonna change. You were asleep. Right. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 51. And your phone rings. Right. And it's a wrong number. Jimmy doesn't answer. Why do you accept the charges on a collect call from a wrong number? I don't think I wanna answer any more questions. And you stay on the phone a minute and a half on a wrong number? What the fuck do you talk about, area codes? I want to talk to my lawyer. Listen, kid, we know you went out there. We ID'd your photo with your neighbor who saw you getting into your truck ten minutes after this call was made. Well if you got all that, what the fuck you need me for, officer? I don't think you understand the gravity of the situation here, Jimmy. This is a homicide. Lawyer. INT. SYD'S LIMO - DAY Robert rides with Syd. He reviews a DOCUMENT entitled "MAPLE LANE TRUST - James L. Grant - Beneficiary." Robert signs the document, closing the folder. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 52. You're gonna sign him out? I called in Earl Monroe. The basketball player? Civil rights attorney. You remember Crown Heights? He's the best? He's the best above 96th Street- and that doesn't make him any cheaper. Robert slumps back, staring out the window. You've gotta get Jimmy out of this. It might not be that easy. If he doesn't cooperate they're likely to indict him on obstruction. What would he be looking at? Hard to say. With his prior... Five years, maybe ten. Robert's silent. INT. BOND RELEASE AREA - DAY Jimmy stands at the counter as EARL MONROE  signs papers. Bryer waits.  This is not going to go away. Jimmy ignores him and exits with Earl. EXT. STREET - CONTINUOUS Jimmy and Earl exit the buidling. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 53. I'll call you tomorrow if there's any news. Don't worry about anything. And don't talk to anyone else. You take care. Jimmy nods and walks up the street towards Syd's limo in the distance. INT. SYD'S LIMO - CONTINUOUS Come on, get in. Jimmy enters. The limo drives off. All you said was you wanted a fucking ride! You didn't tell me you killed that girl! Jimmy... I'm trying to put my life back together. Okay, I appreciate you helped us, but now you're pushing it too far. It's gonna be okay. Like it was your ass sitting in there? Like you know a fucking thing about how it's gonna be? We've got you the best criminal lawyer-- --Don't you got your own son for this? Why the hell you didn't call him? Cause he woulda fucked it up, okay? Well I'm sorry your son's a fuckin' idiot, but that ain't my fault. This isn't productive. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 54. Oh, okay. So tell us then, Syd, what happens now? We meet with Earl and we go from there. I understand that right now they don't have enough to charge you with anything. Your under suspicion. Under suspicion? Motherfucker, I'm Black! I am aware of that. And what exactly would you like me to do about it?  Gentlemen, my driver will take you where you wanna go, but I cannot be a party to this conversation, so this is where I get out... EXT. STREET Syd steps out of the limo and watches as it rolls away up Tenth Avenue. INT. LIMO - CONTINUOUS Why couldn't you have just stayed? I couldn't. Why not? Because I have responsibilities. And if I stayed there, a lot of people would've been hurt. Somebody was hurt. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 55. Other people, Jimmy. I've got business troubles, you understand...? People rely on me. Jimmy chews on this, dissatisfied. Listen... I want to talk to you a second. Come here. I wanna show you something. Jimmy slides over to sit next to Robert. Now, you know, your father asked me to look after you. Yeah. Yeah, I know I messed up, alright? I'm sorry. But I do want to help you, you know that.  So I've been able to set up a situation for you. What's that? It's a trust. In your name, assets of $2 Million dollars. Take a look at that.  Are you serious? You think money's gonna fix this? What else is there? Jimmy laughs, then rises and knocks on the limo's partition.  Yo, yo man, pull over.  What are you gonna do? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 56. I look like a fucking snitch to you? I don't know, Jimmy. I don't know. Are you? Jimmy laughs in disgust, begins to open the door. Wait, wait, wait. Sorry. Just-- read it. Just take it home and read it. It's not gonna hurt you. Jimmy grabs the document and gets out. Robert stares ahead into space. His CELLPHONE RINGS.  What? I've got Chris Vogler from Fremaut accounting, you asked me to interrupt you. Yeah, put him through...  Chris... Robert, I've run into some problems. We're doing a "non-recommend."  What...? They got compliance involved. I'm sorry. Chris... I've gotta go. Chris? CHRIS! Goddamnit, Chris! Goldenrod - 4.17.11 57. INT. MILLER CAPITAL - ACCOUNTANT'S OFFICE - DAY Brooke sits alone in the accountant's office we saw earlier. She reviews SPREADSHEETS on his COMPUTER and compares them with PRINTOUTS from a FILE CABINET that she has broken open. Numbers from the screen reflect across her reading glasses as she stares in disbelief. She DIALS a number.  Peter...? I'm looking at some statements right now... How much did you book last quarter?... No, I'm not... No, Peter, I'm really just asking you... She's looking at an entry on the screen: "Miller Capital Management - PETER MILLER GROUP - $68.3MM"  Thirty-five million. For your entire group, right?... It wasn't sixty-eight?... Of course it's a big number... No, I'm not... Oh, Peter I'll talk to you later . Brooke taps the keyboard and a PRINTER spits out pages. Suddenly, BEN , an accountant we saw earlier, appears. What are you doing in my office? Brooke bolts up, startled. She collects the papers she printed. Hello?  Can you explain these? Explain what? Old Hill. All the numbers you've falsified.  You don't know what you're saying. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 58. Brooke nods, heads to the door. Ben put his arm on her shoulder to stop her. Get out of my way. Brooke... You're hurting my arm. Can't you just leave it alone? She stares at him. He drops his arm. She exits and turns. You're fired, Ben. You can't fire me. I just did. Who do you think asked me to make those changes? She stares, then approaches him. 83 You tell me. 83 INT. POLICE CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY Bryer and Mills sit with Flores as he stares at a SHEET. He was doing a little dealing a while back, but it looks like he stopped. Any family? Nah, they're all dead.  So he's a good student, magnet school, whatever.  Goldenrod - 4.17.11 59. Then his mom dies and he gets popped for gun possession. Even so, how come he got probation? Well, he had an excellent lawyer.  How the fuck does this kid afford Felder and Chausse...? Mills drops another FOLDER on the table. We pulled his parents' tax returns. Guess where his father worked for twenty years?  Miller Capital?  He was the fucking driver?!  Wow, this guy's good... He puts down the sheet and leans back. Where are you at with the kid? So far he won't budge. Well he's a convicted felon. Go get a warrant, put him in front of a grand jury. Let's see how long he holds out when he realizes he's looking at ten years off the prior. INT. FREMAUT - VOGLER'S OFFICE HALLWAY - LATER Robert storms the hallway, passing a waiting SECRETARY. I'm sorry, Mr. Miller, as I explained from downstairs, he's on a call right now, and he said... He brushes past her. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 60. Mr. Miller! INT. VOGLER'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS Robert enters, locking the door behind him. Chris bolts up. What the fuck...? Tell me what is going on. Robert comes closer. Chris is freaking out. I can't. Tell me what's going on! I can't! Robert GRABS Chris by the collar. Why not?! It's not me! What do you mean it's not...?  The audit passed? What do you mean the audit passed? It passed! It passed a week ago! Like I said. Everything's fine! We confirmed the money, it's all straight and done.  Then... why did you tell me that it didn't? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 61. Because they asked me to hold it. They? Who's they?  Who is they?! Mayfield.  Mayfield? Robert thinks... and starts LAUGHING. Chris looks at him strangely as he walks out. What? They're negotiating. He wants a better price. EXT. FREMAUT - DAY Robert exits the building with what looks to be, for the first time in the film, a real smile. He walks towards his limo, DIALS his cell.  Sherry Netherland...? Yes, James Mayfield, please...  Mr. Mayfield... I think it's time we had a talk. INT. COURTHOUSE HALL - AFTERNOON Bryer walks with DEFERLITO , who rifles through a FOLDER. ...cause it's not gonna hold. The warrant doesn't need to hold. It just needs to scare him into giving up Miller. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 62. What is it, Mike, you're stalled- out mid-career so you're reaching for a high-note? Who gives a fuck? This is about Judge Rittenband, isn't it? It's cause he's running again? You wanna cost the Judge his seat on a profiling claim? Against Earl Monroe?  I'm getting a piece of new evidence that'll seal it a hundred percent. Good, then come back when you got it. I'll have it before you go in the jury room... Look, Ray. We like this kid. I don't wanna lose him. Think about it: if we flip him, you get Robert Miller. What's that worth to Rittenband, and to you for that matter...?  Twenty years, Ray. Twenty fucking years, we watch these guys- they out-lawyer us, they out-buy us. I'm fucking sick of it. Where's the consequence? The guy did it. He does not get to walk just cause he's on CNBC. Deferlito stops, stares, then signs the ARREST WARRANT. You better not fuck me. He walks off. Bryer holds a beat, then pulls out his CELL.  Yeah... I need a serious fuckin' favor... Goldenrod - 4.17.11 63. INT. ROBERT'S OFFICE CORRIDOR - LATER Robert enters, moving much slower. As he approaches Cindy, he sees a worried look on her face. Brooke's waiting for you... Did we have a meeting? No, but she looked upset. INT. ROBERT'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS Robert enters. Brooke's at the window in a chair. It's clear that she has been crying.  Sweetie, you okay? What's wrong? Brooke holds out her hands. She has two copies of the "Old Hill Fund" balance sheets. Robert stands there a moment, staring at her. EXT. 5TH AVENUE - AFTERNOON We see Brooke and Robert from overhead like little dots as they cross 5th Avenue towards Central Park. EXT. CENTRAL PARK - CONTINUOUS They walk solemnly towards a park bench in front of a lake. Robert sits, motions to Brooke. You wanna sit? I'll stand.  Didn't you think I'd find out? I did. Then why didn't you tell me? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 64. Because I hoped you wouldn't. Oh, come on. You tell me the truth now -- or I am done. I made a bad bet. No, you committed fraud. That's a dangerous word, Brooke. What would you prefer? That you cheated? That you stole money from people who trusted you? That you lied? That you lied right to my face? Why? Because we were going broke! Everything was finished. We'd have nothing. How. How does that happen? You remember Alexanderov? Well he came to see me one day last year. He said "Robert, we've got a great opportunity- there's a copper mine, it's in Russia, it's under- exploited- there's billions under the ground, and to get it out, all we need is a couple hundred million, you put in a hundred, we'll put in a hundred- we'll triple it all in six months." So, I go check it out. And the geological survey's right, friendly government. And to lock it in, you hedge it, right? Sell the copper ahead on the commodities exchange and it all works, it's fine, and you're making a fortune.   Goldenrod - 4.17.11 65. But then there's something I hadn't accounted for-- variation margin-- and that friendly Russian government all of a sudden not so friendly anymore and they're blocking the export of the copper so I gotta make it up, I gotta put the cash in to cover the hedge. But I'm not worried about it because it's still springing money, there's so much money coming out of the ground you can't believe. You can't stop it. And, yes, I'm the oracle, I've done housing, I've arb'd credit swaps, I have done it all, and yes, again, I know it's outside the charter, but it is FUCKING FOREVER! IT IS GOD!... Until... Until it's not... The money's trapped. You can't get it out. Probably never will.  It's like a plane crash. It just happens. Well it does not just happen. Not just happen, honey you are so naive sometimes. It HAPPENS. And like every father I pray that it doesn't HAPPEN to you, which, thanks to me, it probably won't happen to you... Thanks to you, we may all be arrested. Nobody's getting arrested. That's why I borrowed the money from Jeffrey. Plug the hole, I put it there for a month, they see the books are fine, I transfer the company, I pay back Jeffrey-- with interest!-- make all of our investors whole, and what's left we keep. At least we get to keep the house. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 66. Everybody wins? Yes. If the company sells. If I lie for you. You don't have to lie. You didn't know about it.  I'm the Chief Investment Officer of this company. What do you think they'll say at the depositions? "She didn't know?" They'll take away my brokerage license- failure to supervise you -- my name in every paper and blog while I visit your ass in jail! What did you want me to do? Did you want me to let our investors go bankrupt? Is that what you wanted? For people to get really hurt? What... gives you the audacity to think you can make those decisions?  Because it's my job! No, it's illegal. It's illegal. And I am your partner. You are not my partner! You work for me!  That's right. You work for me!  Everybody works for me! They pass a moment in silence. He looks at her destroyed expression. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 67. Brooke. Brooke. Come here. Please? Please. Just, just come here. Just for a second and sit down. She sits.  There's something I wanna tell you. And whatever you decide I won't blame you...  I'm on my own path. It's up to you to move with it or against it. But I'm the patriarch; that's my role. And I have to play it.  For a moment I thought you were gonna say you were sorry. She walks off. Hold on Robert alone in the park.  I'm sorry. EXT. JIMMY'S APARTMENT - DUSK Jimmy approaches the building. Bryer exits his sedan and walks over to him.  Oh, man, what? Jimmy, take a ride with me. Where? Back to the station? No man, just get in the car. What if I say no? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 68. I'm not threatening you. I'm just asking you -- take a ride with me. Jimmy considers, gets into Bryer's car. INT. SEDAN - DRIVING They drive a while in silence. Alright, man, what? Look, it's pretty fuckin' simple. I know you went to pick him up. This is what you wanna talk about? I told you I ain't makin' no more statements. And I know why. Somebody cares? Take a look at this.  I've got his phone calls, I got his text messages. I've got the relationship with the girl. And they were fucking, by the way.  And then I've got you. I've got the time log from the pay phone. I've a got a fucking tollbooth photograph of you driving your car through the Triborough. Jimmy thumbs through the FOLDER. There's no tollbooth PHOTO. Where you got that...? That's bullshit, cause I didn't do it. That's impossible. Really? Jimmy's silent. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 69. You lied to me. You lied to the police. You obstructed justice. Talk to Earl, Detective. Fuck Earl! You see this? DOCKET) This means that tomorrow, grand jury hears your case in court. And tomorrow in court I'm gonna ask for a felony obstruction indictment, and with with your prior, you are going to prison for fifteen fucking years... You might get out in ten. You'll be what then? Thirty-three, with no job, no girl, no life. Bryer pulls the car over. Look: I know you think Miller's your friend. Who's Miller? I know about your father.  You don't know a Goddamn thing about my father. I know Miller paid his bills while he was dying. I know he got Syd Felder to get you out of trouble on your gun charge. That doesn't add up to this. You done? Okay, he's driving, he crashes- he runs away- who does he call? Calls you. Why do you think that is?   Goldenrod - 4.17.11 70. `Cause you're disposable- you're the one person he could call that just doesn't fuckin' matter. You're a- you're a throwaway. You're just another part of his transaction.  Will you open the door? So what, what? You're his new nigger now? Jimmy grabs at the door violently. It's locked. Open-- OPEN THE FUCKING DOOR! You didn't kill that girl. He did.  Will you -- open -- the door? He's using you. I know it - you know it. Do the right thing. Now get outta my fuckin' car. Bryer unlocks the door. Jimmy exits and walks up the block. INT. ROBERT'S OFFICE - LATER THAT NIGHT It's nearly empty. Ramon, the limo driver, plays Solitaire at a COMPUTER. Robert sits with Syd in the next room. He's gonna walk. You're certain? Courts aren't for certainty, but he says he was at home, why shouldn't he be? A phone call doesn't make him a liar.  But what's baffling to me, though, despite your sentimental history together, is why you would put your family's future in this kid's hands. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 71.  He's not like us. Is that a good thing? I don't know. Robert stands and collects PAPERS into his BRIEFCASE. How's Ellen? She's good. Fine.  Why? I heard something... Yes...? She met with Gil Deuchman. The estate lawyer? Yeah. Has she mentioned anything? Not to me. They sit in silence. INT. CRIMINAL COURT - FELONY INDICTMENTS - THE NEXT DAY We see Jimmy in the witness box before 23 GRAND JURORS. The prosecutor, DeFerlito, asks questions. Earl Monroe sits next to Jimmy. That was the early morning of April 11th. Yes. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 72. You received a phone call? Yes. Who called you? Jimmy stares at DeFerlito. It was a wrong number. That's a lie, isn't it, Mr. Grant? No. You stayed on the phone one-and-a- half minutes... Mr. Grant, isn't it the case that you know exactly who called you and exactly why? Why are you lying to this court? I'm not lying. DeFerlito turns and walks back to the prosecutor's table. He picks up a PHOTOGRAPH and hands it to a CLERK. I'm going to introduce into evidence People's A. This is a toll booth photograph taken in the northbound ninth lane of the Triborough bridge. Mr. Grant, directing your attention to the photograph, would you please read the date and time stamp indicated on the lower right hand corner? Jimmy stares at the photograph in disbelief. This is crazy.  You're gonna have to answer that. Mr. Grant, please answer the question. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 73. April 11th, two thirty-three am. Mr. Grant, directing your attention to the same photograph, would you please read the license plate number of the vehicle passing through the toll? D D G five five four two.  This is People's B, a printout from the Department of Motor Vehicles plate registry... Mr. Grant, directing your attention to that printout, are those numbers on the toll photograph the same ones that are on your own license plate? Jimmy's still staring at the picture. Earl watches, concerned. Mr. Grant? Yes. Yes, the numbers are the same? Yes. How do you explain that? I can't. But that is your car in this photograph, isn't it? No. No, that is not your car?  Answer the question, Mr. Grant. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 74. This is not my car in this picture. I don't know how you all did that, but this is not my car. You expect this grand jury to believe that that is not your car when there is a printout from the department of motor vehicles... That's asked and answered, Mr. Deferlito. Mr. Monroe, you are aware that you're not permitted to go on record. INT. GRAND JURY COURT HALL - LATER Jimmy bursts out of the courtroom doors trailed by Earl. Jimmy. Jimmy-- what was that? They're lying! Okay, now here's what... Before Earl can finish responding, Bryer exits and walks over to them. I can halt the decision. We need a minute, Detective. What about you, Jimmy? You need a minute? Jimmy doesn't answer. Bryer sits down next to them. Cause if you do we could... You can get the fuck outta my face. How `bout that?. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 75. So you wanna keep playing games? Or you ready to tell me something? Detective, I need to talk to my client. Now if you would just please... How you- How you all just gonna lie like that? Huh? How you all just gonna lie?! We didn't lie. You lied. That wasn't my car. ...Jimmy, don't say anything else. Sure it wasn't. And it was a telemarketer called you from the pay phone? He stopped at the Chevron to make a late night sale? That picture was some bullshit... ...Jimmy, stop! Detective, what's going on? Well, tell him. Go ahead, Jimmy. Tell him. See how the boss'll like this one. Earl stares at Jimmy, waiting. The bell RINGS. Last chance. Jimmy's silent. Bryer shakes his head and walks off.  Wait here. Bryer and Earl enter the courtroom. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 76. Jimmy, as he stares out the 11th floor window towards Brooklyn. In the distance, the Woolworth building. INT. FRANK CAMPBELL FUNERAL HOME - DAY About thirty people in a room too big for them. At the front are tasteful flower BOUQUETS surrounding Julie's CASKET. Robert enters and spots some of the people from the art opening, including Julie's gallery assistant. She looks at him quietly, then quickly looks away. There is no organized service; people are just walking up to the casket and saying prayers. Robert takes his place and holds a moment at the casket. The gallery assistant comes up behind him. Mr. Miller. I would like to introduce you to Julie's mom, Sandrine. A beautiful woman in her 50's, SANDRINE, sits crying. Robert approaches as she stands. I am so, so sorry.  I just wanted to thank you for what you did for my daughter.  No... You believed in her, and you gave her a chance. She was happy. I know she was happy. It's just...  not fair, is it? Sandrine starts to tear. Robert moves in and HUGS her, hard.  This shouldn't have happened. Hold on Sandrine's face, in pain. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 77. INT. ROBERT'S MANSION - GYM - MORNING Close on Brooke's legs, running on a treadmill. Ellen exercises on a STAIRMASTER next to her. We hear the sound of Ellen's small talk begin to fade in. ...she's rail thin. She's a blond. I would not have known who she was if she hadn't come up and introduced herself to me. She looked totally different... and... the machine's resistance) You're going straight to level six don't you think you better pace yourself a little bit?  I'm good. I wanna run. Everything okay with you and Tom? We're fine. Are you worried about the deal closing?  No. You want me to guess?  Brookie, come on, don't be silly, tell me what's... Brooke stabs "Stop" on the machine, quickly cooling down. BELONGINGS) You know, I can't stay for breakfast I have to just... I have to get in to work, I don't know what I was thinking.  Did you uh, finish the deal with the hospital? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 78. No. Did he write the check? No. Ellen stops her machine. Why not? Issues related to the closing. We don't lie to each other, Brooke. I'm not lying to you. It's complicated; you wouldn't understand. Ellen crosses closer to Brooke blocking her exit.  Uh, I know that a policeman showed up at the office? Do you know what that's about? I honestly have no idea. What about your father's head- where he cut his head and the pain that he's hiding in his stomach and, now  For some reason that's way to complicated for me to understand, there's no money for a routine gift? Does that seem a little strange to you? Of course it's strange. So tell me what's happening. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 79.  What do you want me to say? He's my dad. I have to trust him. No. You have to do what's right for you. Not him, not me, not anyone. This is your life. Ellen grabs Brooke and hugs her hard. Brooke hugs back, kissing her mother on the cheek, tearing.  I love you.  I gotta go. Hold on Ellen alone as Brooke exits.  Fuck. INT. SHERRY NETHERLAND HOTEL - RESTAURANT - DAY They shake hands, then sit. You keep sending people to my office to "do business." They're just getting acquainted. With the intricacies of my operation so that you can... not buy it?  Just coffee, please. You remember what it was like on our side of the fence. Everything just moves... a little slower. Plus this whole audit mess doesn't help. You know, clearing that all up... Fuck you. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 80. Excuse me...? Gracie Square. You came to me. I did not come to you. Robert, I think we're getting off on the wrong foot... No, no, no. Forget it, forget it... Forget the deal. I don't even care about the deal. No, I run a comfortable -- excuse me -- I run a year-to-date 15.4% percent to our investors, or approximately $583 Million dollars from a trading operation that you don't have and that we both know that you need, or else you never would've called me in the first place. You on the other hand, you've taken a salary of pouring his coffee) 18 Million?  And what have you delivered? A falling stock price of negative 14 dollars? Is that what it is? You've also lost approximately... THREE AND A HALF BILLION FOR YOUR INVESTORS- Let's just calm down... ...so we issue a press release today, say there is no deal, never was a deal. You're not gonna be buying Old Hill, you're not gonna be buying Quantum- you're not gonna be buying anything; You? You're just a browser. Now, me? I'll continue to enjoy my earnings, and while I SOAR on princely wings, to my next winning enterprise, your stock drops another couple bucks on yet another - failed - acquisition - attempt. Bodes well for your tenure, doesn't it? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 81. Your price is too high. Robert stands. You have a nice day, James.  Four hundred. Five-fifty. Four-fifty. Five twenty-five. That's it. Yes or no?  And if it's no, send any further communication right to my trash can.  It's a deal.  One other thing -- six months and I'm gonna be gone. I'm outta here. My daughter's gonna take it over. You know her, you trust her. Alright. And you're gonna have to make my son a VP.  Robert... No, no. He doesn't have to do anything, he just gets the salary, he gets the office. Both of `em on five-year employment contracts, and my lawyers draft them. Yes or no? Yes. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 82. Robert pulls out a pen and jots down the deal points they have just outlined onto the paper menu. What are you doing? I'm writing the deal. Are you serious?  I'm serious. I'm very serious. Sign it. Mayfield thinks a moment, then reaches over and signs the menu. Robert does the same and then folds it into his pocket. I'll send over a draft of the press release. As Robert stands to go, he clutches his bruised rib. Are you all right? I'm fine... Before I go -- how much would you have paid...? Six hundred. And you would've taken...? Four seventy-five. So we made a good deal.  Yeah. Robert turns back to the table. Actually, I lied. I would've taken four. Mayfield shrugs and returns to his paper. Robert walks out of the restaurant, beaming. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 83. INT. MILLER CAPITAL - CONFERENCE ROOM - LATER Peter, Gavin, and many of the various STAFF we have met are gathered around a long conference table. Robert stands at the front of the room. ...Anyway I will be seeing most of you at the gala tomorrow night. But as the sale's official as of this afternoon, you are now free to talk about it. Any questions?  Will we get new business cards?  Yes, everyone but you.  Alright, it's a great day. Your hard work made it happen They all clap as Gavin and Robert exit the room.  So how'd you make Mayfield come around? I met his price. I just took it out of your share. Robert? Yeah. Good work. Well, thank you. Now go get me that fucking hospital check. Gavin walks off. Robert's cell RINGS.  Yeah. It's not good... Goldenrod - 4.17.11 84. EXT. JIMMY'S APARTMENT - DUSK Robert heads through a dark service entrance towards a buzzer, then down a long hallway. Hello. INT. JIMMY'S APARTMENT Reina, Jimmy's girlfriend  stands at the door with Robert and Jimmy. She turns and heads to the bedroom. Jimmy heads to the kitchen. You want something to drink? What you got? Not much. You got any milk? No. I'll take a water. Jimmy starts running the tap. Robert notices the moving BOXES. Where are you going? What? The boxes. I was planning on Virginia, but it looks like I'm not going anymore. Jimmy returns with the water. Robert take a drink. You waiting for me to say something? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 85. I told you not to take the toll. Yes, you did. I said "Listen to what I have to tell you and follow my directions, listen to me closely, do the following just like I say." Yes. You said all that. But you took the toll anyway. No, I did not. Come on, Jimmy, don't fucking lie to me... I'm not lying! I took ninety-five all the Goddamn way there. I did what you said: I didn't stop. I didn't take the Triborough. I followed all your fucking instructions. So where'd they get the photograph from? You tell me. So, you're saying... it's a fake? How'd you get so fuckin' rich again? Don't be such a wiseass... Hey, this is my fuckin' life, man! Earl's telling me it could be ten years? Ten fucking years! How much are ten years worth, Robert?  Goldenrod - 4.17.11 86. Look man, I told you, I ain't no fuckin snitch, but this is bad. This is real bad. Reina and I got a whole plan we're about to make happen next week!  What plan? I got money saved up; I'm buying a business. What business? I bought an Applebee's. What's an Applebee's? It's a fucking restaurant, man, it's a chain restaurant. You bought an Applebee's in Virginia? Is this really what you came here to talk about? What are you gonna do?  It's not really that simple, Jimmy. I'm in a situation now. What situation? I told you... right now, if I were to speak, a lot of people would get hurt. Jobs, families. A lot of innocent people. Do you think you can understand that? Yeah but what about me? What about my situation?  They showed me pictures, man; that's fucked up what you did. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 87.  It was an accident. And yeah, I know, all the people counting on you, whatever, but -- you told me Earl was gonna make this right. Now you know I care about you, all the things you did for us, and for my father, but Earl said they're offering me a deal, no charges at all. I walk away. They just want to know who I went to pick up.  Why are you putting me in this position, man? Why are you putting me in this situation?  Can you just hang tight? Just a little longer? Alright, man, but Earl said the deal's on the table for twenty-four hours. After that, they're filing the case, and Earl says we're gonna lose.  Alright I hear you. I'll be back with you as soon as I can. Just hang with me a little bit. Jimmy nods. Robert walks out. Reina crosses back into the living room as he approaches the door and exits. You gotta give him up. You said take the money. That was to keep quiet, not to go away.  What's he offering you now? What can he offer me? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 88. Reina crosses to Jimmy and hugs him as he starts to cry, then wipes away his tears. INT. ROBERT'S LIMO - NIGHT The limo drives down Fifth Avenue. Robert's on the phone. We went to the toll authority. They said they gave the tape to the cops. I've requested our investigator go examine it at the evidence room, but honestly what's the point? He says he didn't take the toll. And you believe him?  Does Standard have clawback? What? What do you mean? Let's just say I decide to go in... Have you lost your mind? No, just listen, listen to me. If I were to surrender, now, could they roll back the deal?  No, what's done is done. There's no intent to defraud. You haven't warranted any behavior. So it's just money. Four years, you think? At this point- I dunno, they're not gonna make it easy.... I really suggest you think about this. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 89.  Call the DA, get it started. Robert hangs up. He stares out the window at Central Park. INT. ROBERT'S MANSION - NIGHT He enters the foyer and ascends the steps to his bedroom. INT. ROBERT'S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS No Ellen. He looks at his watch: "8:34PM." He moves over towards the bed and dials the tableside PHONE.  Yeah, Glen. Did Mrs. Miller say where she was going tonight...? Aha... No, I'm sure... I'll try her cell. He clicks off and DIALS another number, hears Ellen's voice mail come on the line, and hangs up. He exhales and lies down on the bed in his clothes, staring at the ceiling. He lies motionless a moment. And then he sits up, thinks, and shakes his head. He quickly picks up the phone, stabbing at the keys.  Syd...? Yeah- Did you make that call to the DA yet...? Thank God. No, no, no. No. Listen to me, call Earl, tell him to get his car, tell him to meet us at my house in twenty minutes... And, Syd...? Bring a notary. EXT. TRIBOROUGH BRIDGE - NIGHT A steady stream of CARS passes through the toll. We follow a INT. LEXUS - SAME Earl Monroe pays the TOLL CLERK through the window, getting a RECEIPT. Then he pulls his car to the side of the road, parking at a BUILDING labelled "Port Authority - Administration." Goldenrod - 4.17.11 90. He opens a LAPTOP on the passenger seat, typing numbers from the toll receipt into a little box on the screen. A portable INT. TOLL AUTHORITY - NIGHT Earl waits at the front desk of the drab government office. BRENT, a balding man in his 30's, approaches. Hi I'm Brent Owens, the night supervisor. How can I help you?  Hello, Brent. I'm Earl Monroe. I'm executing a criminal evidence request. I need to get a look at one of your lane tapes. Brent looks over the papers, confused. I don't understand. This says you want to look at a tape made ten minutes ago...? INT. ROBERT'S LIMO - CONTINUOUS Robert and Syd stare ahead, silently. Syd tries to say something.  Wait. Wait. Just wait. 121 Syd slumps back. They keep staring at nothing. 121 A RAPPING noise on the window startles Syd, who rolls it down, sees Earl, and opens the door. Earl climbs inside, removing a FOLIO from his breast pocket as he talks. Okay, they won't release tapes without a court order, but they did give me a print out, the same kind they used at Jimmy's indictment. Earl reaches inside the folio and removes the PHOTOGRAPH he got from the toll authority. He lays it on the counter. It's from a toll camera, showing his car and license plate. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 91.  The Lexus- that's your car, your plate? Earl nods.  You got Jimmy's? Syd lays the PHOTOGRAPH we saw earlier of Jimmy's car going through the toll onto the counter next to the one Earl has just placed there. Robert picks up a high-end MAGNIFYING GLASS and leans over to look at the two photos. CLOSE-UP: He scans the photograph of Earl's car, moving slowly through it left-to-right. Then he scans the photograph of Jimmy's car, passing left-to- right until -- He passes back by the license plate area and stops -- The lines around the license plate of Jimmy's car are all slightly-pixelated. He switches back to the plate on Earl's car. The lines are fine. Back to Jimmy's. Pixelated. Robert puts down the magnifier, straightens, and smiles. Son of a bitch. Earl's dark laugh cackles across the soundtrack as we INT. JUDGE'S CHAMBERS - THE NEXT DAY Earl sits across from DA Deferlito and Bryer. JUDGE Well they look a little different to me, too... Is there a reason you haven't allowed Mr. Monroe's investigator to conduct his own analysis? Goldenrod - 4.17.11 92. We've had some issues regarding chain-of-custody... ...You don't have them anymore. You're to meet him with the evidence in the next hour. I'm afraid that's not possible. A beat. Where's the tape?  Am I not speaking loud enough? Your honor... Yes? It seems there's been... ...Let him tell me. We don't know where it is. Come again? It's not in the evidence locker. Where is it? We don't know. Silence. Rittenband leans forward. I'll ask you one last time, detective. Where is the tape?  We lost it. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 93. Hmmm... In light of these developments, and I would think you should be very happy to hear this, with Mr. Monroe's approval I'm going to offer Mr. Deferlito the opportunity to voluntarily dismiss the indictment to save us all a bunch of embarrassment. I don't feel comfortable with that, your honor. Further I'm going to put all charges against Mr. Grant under seal. This case is dismissed with prejudice and it is not to be refiled. HOLD ON, Detective.  If you have another suspect in the automobile death then you are to present him, but Mr. Grant is free from any further inquiry in this matter. This is over. Do I have your understanding? Thank you. Deferlito gets up angrily, huffs past Bryer. Close the door, detective, please... Bryer closes it. The judge holds up the toll photos.  You finessed these, didn't you...? I'm sorry? ...You finessed it. I know it, and you know it. No response. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 94. I know who you're after. I saw all the evidence, not just the toll photo. You gotta get him the right way. Oh, okay.  So let me get this straight: What you're telling me is I'm supposed to sit around with my thumb up my ass and my fingers crossed hoping that one of these fucking days, somewhere down the line, one of these rich assholes is gonna say the wrong thing to ignore it anymore?  Get the fuck outta of my office. Yes, your honor. INT. COURTHOUSE HALL - MOMENTS LATER Mills waits on a nearby bench, watching as Bryer exits the chambers dialing his phone. DeFerlito walks up to Bryer, and grabs him. Bryer breaks free, aggressively, phone to his ear. Mills approaches. Bryer waves him away.  Well when do you expect her...? When do you expect her? Okay, well so I don't have to call a ninth time, will you take down what I'm sayin', word for word...? Okay, you got a pencil? You ready? Okay, here goes: "Mrs. Miller- Exactly how fuckin' stupid do you really think I am?" EXT. OUTDOOR COFFEE SHOP - AFTERNOON Robert and Jimmy sit. Jimmy looks at the TRUST DOCUMENT. You didn't hurt anybody. You helped a lot of people. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 95. And this piece of paper makes everything okay? No, it makes it easier.  You worried I'm gonna say something? No. Jimmy keeps staring at the document. Robert, look: you asked me to come meet you and I'm here, but I came because I wanted to get something straight between us: we're even. Okay, we're even. But just for the record though, what you did...  Was way beyond the money.  Nothing's beyond money for you.  Thanks a lot.  And if I take this, then what does that say about me? He thinks a moment, then folds the document and puts it in his pocket. Fuck it. I'm gonna take your money and do something good with it. Hold on Jimmy. INT. ROBERT'S BEDROOM - NIGHT Ellen is dressed in a full BALL GOWN. She sits at on the sofa finishing a drink. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 96. Robert enters and begins changing into a TUXEDO. Hey, sweetie. What time you wanna get there...? I don't wanna get there too soon... She doesn't say anything. He waits a moment, then...  You okay? What is it? You spoke to Brooke? He slows... Something's brewing. Did she tell you that? No. She didn't have to. Yeah, I explained to Brooke that... ...you explained, did you?  Did you tell her everything? Yes. Everything?  Lift up your shirt. What? Lift up -- your shirt. He doesn't move. She stands and heads towards him. Then she hits him with a a NEWSPAPER, right at his broken rib. He winces a little, then looks down at the floor. It's the Post article chronicling Julie's death. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 97. Did you tell her about that?  Ellen I don't know what you think you know... Oh, don't treat me like an idiot. You've been sneaking off to see her for months. You don't think I know that? What do you think you know? I never cared, really, about your secretaries, your- gallerists, whores, whatever you wanna call them. I cared about our home. And now you have brought this to our door. I did what was necessary. No you did what was necessary for you, Robert, for your interests. For my interests? Yes. Everything I do is for us, for this family, and now you're gonna tell me how to run my business. This isn't about your business, this is our life! Where do you think we're going tonight? Why do you think I've even tolerated this for so long?  What you've tolerated? Wow! I'm glad you find that funny. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 98. What about me? What about the complaints? The unhappiness? The drinking? The shopping? The trainers? Everything! But yes, the charities, the wonderful sainted charities, you know, all the wonderful works that you do. How do you think I've paid for them? I didn't ask you because I didn't want you to lie.  It's cause you didn't want to give `em up! But I thought that we had an understanding. And you broke that understanding when you brought Brooke into it. No, I kept her out. When you made Brooke complicit-- when you risked her future-- and I'm done. She opens a FOLDER revealing some legal documents, slides them toward him. What is this? Read it. He crosses to the bed and puts on his glasses. We see the title: "SEPARATION AGREEMENT" and hold on him reading for a few brief seconds until... "All ownership and voting rights transfer to the Miller Charitable Foundation, to be administered by Brooke Miller?" Did you really expect me to sign this thing? You're not following. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 99. Apparently not, no. No.  Okay, uhm, the police have been trying to talk me. I assume they want to know where you were that night. And you know what? I'm not gonna lie for you anymore. Not unless you sign that. A beat. Yeah, this leaves me with nothing. I think you'll find a way to manage. I'm sure you have all kinds of things offshore for a rainy day.  This is fuckin' crazy.  No, if you sign, then I'll tell your lie. I'll say you were at home with me that night, all night, together, here, and you'll be free and clear. And the people who need our money will get it. That's my price. You're out of your mind. I am not signing that. I will not sign that! Well then... I'll have to tell them that you came home at four-thirty bruised and bleeding...  That's fucking ridiculous! What...  Are you trying to blackmail me? I think we call it negotiating. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 100. You're not gonna win that one. There's no fucking way. You know what, it'll cause just enough trouble- the kind of trouble that you don't want-- In fact, according to my lawyer  Fucking lawyer... It's enough to give them probable cause and then they can subpoena your cell phone, GPS, DNA, Fuck the DNA! I'm sick of this! And whatever else they can think of. So really Robert what you have is a choice: you can spend the next three years in court and in the tabloids or-- you can be at your business.  You won't do it. You won't do this. You won't do it to the kids. Just try me. He stares at her, trying to make it work, but he can't.  You broke -- our little girl's heart. It's how it all works, Ellen. You know that. I do, but she didn't. She'll be better for it. The world is cold. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 101.  Then you're gonna need a warm coat. We hold on Robert's face. PRE-LAP Bill Evans' "My Foolish Heart." INT. MAYFIELD'S LIMO - NIGHT The car rides up Madison Avenue. Mayfield marks up a bunch of memos in a leather-bound folder. An aide we met earlier, JOHN AIMES, sits nearby. There's just one more thing... And I hate to mention it now, but I just received it... Speak, John. Aimes opens a FOLDER, handing it to Mayfield. I had Stern Marling run a secondary audit on the Miller financials. We catch a glimpse of the top sheet as Mayfield reads: "STERN MARLING CONFIDENTIAL AUDIT - MILLER CAPITAL - We have reviewed the records you submitted and have found no way to legitimately substantiate a recent capital transfer of $412 Million..." We hold on Mayfield's face as he tries hard to conceal the spreading realization. Who authorized this? I did.  And what did you conclude? It's in front of you.  I didn't ask you what the paper said, John. I asked you what you thought. Goldenrod - 4.17.11 102.  Well... what do you think? I think... I think... that I don't see anything wrong here. Mayfield closes the folder and places it with the rest of his papers. Aimes nods. EXT. PLAZA HOTEL They arrive at the Plaza Hotel and exit the car INT. PLAZA HOTEL - GRAND BALLROOM - NIGHT We see throngs of the wealthy ascend the steps leading up to the opulent hall. Lining the walls are plaques for: "Mt. Sinai Hospital - Miller Oncology Center." INT. GRAND BALLROOM - LATER Seated at one of the many round tables are Robert, Ellen, Peter, Gavin, Syd, Jeffrey, and a few spouses and attendants. Chamber MUSIC plays while everyone eats dinner. We focus in on Robert as he stares intently out into the room, his eyes a mixture of ferocity and resignation. In the distance, we hear a SPEAKER'S voice fade in. It's Brooke. ...and to receive this prestigious award, I invite now to the stage the man who led this generous effort, and whose financial trading firm, Miller Capital, has just this morning been acquired by Standard Bank and Trust, a dedicated businessman, family man, scholar, philanthropist and all-around humanitarian, a man I am lucky to call -- my mentor, my friend -- and my father -- Mr. Robert Miller... Robert stands against deafening APPLAUSE as he makes his way to the stage and, in one continuous shot, gives Brooke a hug, takes the podium, opens his notes, and begins to talk. 