Written by Joss Whedon "And there came a day, a day unlike any other, when Earth's mightiest heroes and heroines found themselves united against a common threat. On that day, the Avengers were born--to fight the foes no single superhero could withstand! Through the years, their roster has prospered, changing many times, but their glory has never been denied! Heed the call, then--for now, the Avengers Assemble!" Filling the screen with BLACKNESS. EXT. THRONE ROOM, SPACE ­ NIGHT Kneeling behind a THRONE, a CLOTHED, ARMORED FIGURE known as THE OTHER, bows. The Tesseract has awakened. It is on a little world. A human world. They would wield its power,... encircled with silver blades. But our ally knows its workings as they never will. He is ready to lead. And our force, our Chitauri, will follow. seething mass of neat rows and columns....the ground simply QUAKES. The world will be his. The universe yours. And the humans, what can they do but burn? EXT. S.H.I.E.L.D. PROJECT P.E.G.A.S.U.S FACILITY ­ NIGHT Out in the NEW MEXICO desert, a remote research facility is in a state of panic. It's an evacuation. A SWOOPING helicopter flies in. CHAOS. Men in suits run around like in the typical `we have to leave' fashion. Soldiers on foot jump onto Humvees, accelerating the hell out of there. A VOICE bellows from hidden loudspeakers. EXT. HELICOPTER PAD ­ CONTINUOUS Standing a few yards from the landing pad, A Fed in a suit with badass shades, peers at the helicopter as it lands. This is Walking out of the helicopter is SHIELD AGENT MARIA HILL, SEXY, climbs out. Hill and Fury approach Agent Coulson. How bad is it? That's the problem, sir. We don't know. INT. FACILITY FLOOR ­ NIGHT Agent Coulson leads Hill and Fury through the radiation section of the facility. Hundreds of technicians and other staff run around, taking only the essentials. Dr. Selvig read an energy surge from the Tesseract four hours ago. phase. He wasn't testing it, he wasn't even in the room. Spontaneous advancement. It just turned itself on? What are the energy levels now? Climbing. When Selvig couldn't shut it down, we ordered the evac. How long to get everyone out? Campus should be clear in the next half hour. Do better. Sir, evacuation may be futile. We should tell them to go back to sleep? If we can't control the Tesseract's energy, there may not be a minimum safe distance. I need you to make sure that PHASE 2 prototypes are shipped out. Sir, is that really a priority right now? Until such time as the world ends, we will act as though it intends to spin on. Clear out the tech below. Every piece of PHASE 2 on a truck and gone. Yes, sir.  With me. INT. NASA SPACE RADIATION FACILITY, VACUUM CHAMBER ­ CONTINUOUS Fury enters the lab facility where the Tesseract is being held by a COMPACT MUON SOLENOID COIL CHAMBER. Talk to me, doctor. DR. ERIK SELVIG emerges from behind the CMS machine, concerned. The Tesseract is glowing unusually brighter and flare rings shoot out at random. Director. Is there anything we know for certain? Tesseract is misbehaving. Is that supposed to be funny? No, it's not funny at all. The Tesseract is not only active, she's...misbehaving. How soon until you pull the plug? She's an energy source. If we turn off the power, she turns it back on. If she reaches peak level... We've prepared for this, doctor. Harnessing energy from space. We don't have the harness. Our calculations are far from complete. Now she's throwing off interference, radiation. Nothing harmful, low levels of gamma radiation. That can be harmful. Where's Barton? The Hawk? Up in his nest, as usual. We see CLINT BARTON, dressed in black tactical gear, is up on the railings watching them below, Fury calls Barton on his earpiece. Agent Barton, report. both walk around the facility in a discreet manner. I gave you this detail so you could keep a close eye on things. Well, I see better from a distance. Are you seeing anything that might set this thing off?  Doctor, it's spiking again. No one's come or gone. It's oven is clean. No contacts, no I.M.'s. If there was any tampering, sir, it wasn't at this end. At this end? Yeah, the cube is a doorway to the other end of space, right? The doors open from both sides. DR. SELVIG clacks away at the keyboard and sees on the monitoring his worst nightmares. Suddenly- the Tesseract Agents Hill and Coulson can feel and they're at different ends of the facility. The flaring rings and glow of the cube spout out brighter and louder, like a boiling pot of water. The Tesseract's energy builds up into a BEAM much like the Bifrost Bridge, which HITS at the end of a platform that is wired to the CMS device. The great maelstrom beam FIRES the TESSERACT energy. The beam then forms a VORTEX, which then opens up a PORTAL. A BLACK HOLE IS CREATED. From the portal, the blackness of SPACE, beautiful and mysterious, strewn with a billion stars appears and a GUST of BLUE ENERGY CLOUDS fill the room, blinding everyone. The Tesseract's energy forms into a cloud that reaches to the top the facility's vacuum chamber ceiling. It's abnormally quiet. Then... HEAVY BREATHING is heard from the platform. kneeling on the platform, smoke coming off it. It's LOKI. Smiling in his mischievous manner, he raises his head. The smile dies down. He looks deep into the eyes of Fury, Barton and Selvig. He stands up, holing the scepter. Sir, please put down the spear! Loki looks at his spear then suddenly points it at where Fury and Barton are standing and SHOOTS OUT A BLUE EXPLODING LIGHT Loki's fired shot. bullets bounce off him like a boss. Loki jumps high from the platform and ATTACKS those firing at him. In the blink of an eye, Loki takes down several guards with his see who will attack him next. Honestly, the whole lab has almost gone to shit. Barton tries to stand up. Loki quickly walks towards him. Barton raises his gun, but Loki grabs Barton's hand. You have heart. Loki points the head of his spear at Barton's head. Barton's eyes suddenly glow BLACK. The ability to control Barton's mind is now in Loki's hand. Barton puts his piece away and stands straight. As Loki is busy using his abilities to control the minds of several S.H.I.E.L.D. personnel, Fury takes the Tesseract, placing it back into its case and tries to leave the lab.Then... Please don't. I still need that.  This doesn't have to get any messier. Of course it does. I've come too far for anything else. I am Loki of Asgard, and I am burdened with glorious purpose. Loki? Brother of Thor? We have no quarrel with your people. An ant has no quarrel with a boot. You planning to step on us? I come with glad tidings, of a world made free. Free from what? Freedom. Freedom is life's great lie. Once you accept that, in your heart... Like a gunslinger, Loki turns to face Selvig who's standingbehind him and places his spear against Selvig's heart. Selvig's eyes glow BLACK. You will know peace. Yeah, you say peace, I kind of think you mean the other thing. From the vacuum chamber ceiling, Tesseract's energy cloud Sir, Director Fury is stalling. This place is about to blow. Drop a hundred feet of rock on us. He means to bury us. Like The Pharaohs of Odin. He's right. The portal is collapsing in on itself. You got maybe two minutes before this goes critical. Well, then... Loki, looking at Barton, who doesn't even hesitate, SHOOTS FURY Tesseract and leaves the lab with Loki, Selvig and the other S.H.I.E.L.D personnel Loki is controlling. INT. P.E.G.A.S.U.S BUNKER, ENTRANCE OF EXITING TUNNEL ­ NIGHT Loki, Barton, Selvig and the other S.H.I.E.L.D personnel are in the parking lot of the facility, quickly gathering certain weapons. Agent Hill watches in confusion, referring to Loki.  Need these vehicles. Who's that? He didn't tell me. Agent Hill looks suspiciously at them as they get into the truck and turns to leave, as she's walking away...  Hill, do you copy?! Loki and Barton SHARPLY look at Agent Hill. Fury is sitting up, pulling out the bullet, breathing heavily. Barton is... INT. P.E.G.A.S.U.S BUNKER ­ NIGHT Suddenly, Hill turns to SHOOT AT BARTON, but Barton is already driver's seat of the truck and DRIVES OFF as Hill keeps shooting. Fury is holding his side, running. He's got the Tesseract! Track it down! The energy is really brewing a fucking shit storm from the vacuum chamber ceiling. INT. P.E.G.A.S.U.S BUNKER/TUNNEL ­ NIGHT Agent Hill SLIPS into a JEEP and follows after Barton's truck.Loki's trucks SCREECH across the tunnel. Several SHIELD trucks pull up to them. A drive-by shooting ensues. Loki, who stands on top of the bed of the truck, uses his scepter and EMITS energy blasts, flipping over SHIELD trucks. They get in, the cars roar out after them. Agent Hill puts herself at a distance. INT. FACILITY FLOOR ­ NIGHT Fury races out of the hallway, avoiding falling pipes. The entire facility is now in a full earthquake. INT. FACILITY FLOOR, ELSEWHERE ­ CONTINUOUS Agent Coulson and several SHIELD agents fall down the steps, dropping SILVER CASES of information. They attempt to grab them, but... No! Leave it! They run out of there like a bat from hell. INT. P.E.G.A.S.U.S TUNNEL ­ NIGHT Agent Hill's JEEP ROARS out of a side of Barton's truck and pulls up alongside them on the left. She goes way ahead and pulls her brake, swerving into a 360, facing Barton's truck and driving in reverse. Barton's ARMS reach out the open window and OPENS FIRE. Agent Hill figures `fuck it' and SHOOTS her windshield OPENING FIRE on Barton. EXT. VAN ­ NIGHT Agent Coulson jumps into a SHIELD VAN. On his walkie: You're clear, sir! You need to go! EXT. HELICOPTER PAD ­ CONTINUOUS Fury BOLTS out of the facility and jumps into a helicopter. The surface of the pad gives way, PLUNGING the helicopter through the surface. But Fury's chopper BARELY makes it out. INT. P.E.G.A.S.U.S TUNNEL ­ NIGHT Still in a chase and drive-by sequence, Barton's pushes the pedal harder, which causes Agent Hill's JEEP to WOBBLE out and put her back behind. INT. RADIATION FACILITY, VACUUM CHAMBER ­ NIGHT The Tesseract's energy cloud now SHRINKS into a SMALL BALL OF A CLOUD OF BLUE LIGHT CONSUMES THE ENTIRE FACILITY AND PARTS OF may be an implosion. Several miles away, Agent Coulson's van feels a JOLT of the Tesseract's BLASTWAVE. THE ENTIRE FACILITY INT. P.E.G.A.S.U.S TUNNEL ­ NIGHT The BLASTWAVE of the Tesseract causes the tunnel to cave it. Like an ocean wave, blinding crumbles of falling rock, fall onto Agent Hill's JEEP, leaving her NEARLY trapped under this blanket of rock. On the Barton's truck, they escape the tunnel and drive into the desert landscape. Fury's helicopter ROARS over Barton's truck. Loki looks up. From the chopper's door, it slides open and Fury stands there, holding a gun, SHOOTING at Barton's, giving an honoring image of Loki looks at Fury and in a fit of RAGE, points his scepter touches down onto the desert floor. The chopper BARRELS along the ground. Fury, coming back to his senses, FIRES at Loki, but they're toofar and too late. Loki looks back, smiling. Fury stands there, MIND REELING. Then...  Director? Director Fury, do you copy? The Tesseract is with the hostile force. I have men down. Hill? INT. P.E.G.A.S.U.S TUNNEL ­ NIGHT Agent Hill climbs out her JEEP, which is sandwiched in, but luckily, not her. A lot of men still under, don't know how many survivors. EXT. DESERT ­ NIGHT Sound the general call. I want every living soul not working rescue looking for that brief case.  Roger that. Coulson, get back to base. This is a war. A beat.  What do we do? Fury stands there. Thinking. He looks up. On his face is sign of hope. EXT. RUSSIA, SOLENSKI PLAZA, 3RD FLOOR ­ NIGHT Out in the outskirts, near a railroad, a still in construction building is being occupied by GEORGI LUCHKOV, a LARGE, RUSSIAN ROMANOFF, a SLEWING, FOXY, UNBELIEVABLY SEXY SPY. He BACKHANDS NATASHA'S face. She feels the pain, but does not breakdown. LUCHKOV, smiling, walks up to her. Dialogue is in RUSSIAN. This is not how I wanted the evening to go. I know how you wanted this evening to go. Believe me, this is better. I'd like to know why they sent you to carry out a carrier, a stained glass and other random items. open floor. Natasha is now scared. I thought General Soholob was in charge of the export business. Soholob? Your reputation is quite a progression. THE FAMOUS BLACK WIDOW. Nothing but a pretty face. You really think I'm pretty? up a pair of pliers. TALL THUG opens up her mouth wide open. We do not need the Lermontov to transfer the tanks. Tell him, well,...  You may have to write it down. Suddenly, WEASELLY THUG'S cell rings. Confused, he answers. Ya?  It's for you. Who the hell is... You're at 114 Solenski Plaza, 3rd floor. We have an F22 exactly 8 miles out. Put the woman on the phone or I will blow up the block before you can make the lobby. seeing how she's tied to a chair with her hands tied behind her back. We need you to come in. Are you kidding? I'm working! This takes precedence. I'm in the middle of an interrogation and this moron is giving me everything. I don't give everything. Natasha gives him a look. Look, you can't pull me out of this right now. Natasha. Barton's been compromised. A beat. Let me put you on hold. She nods to LUCHKOV. As Luchkov comes to take the phone off her, Natasha HITS him with her leg and HEADBUUTS him. Like a spider, she stands up elegantly and starts ATTACKING TALL THUG by Still tied, she ROLLS over WEASELLY THUG after she trips him. She then STOMPS on TALL THUG foot with peg of the chair, then Yeah, during all this Coulson is still waiting on the line. She then FLIPS over and FALLS down hard on WEASELLY THUG, BREAKING Giving her momentum, she runs at him DROP KICKING him, FALLS She grabs LUCHKOV, wraps his leg around with a hanging chain and drops him down the open floor, dangling. She picks up the phone and her heels, like a boss. Where's Barton now? We don't know. But he's alive. We think so. I'll brief you on everything when you get back. But first, we need you to talk to the big guy. Coulson, you know that Stark trusts me about as far as he can throw me. No, I've got Stark. You get the big guy. Bozhe moi. EXT. INDIAN SLUM ­ NIGHT A LITTLE GIRL runs through the crowd, trying to force a way through. INT. SHACK ­ NIGHT A tiny shack. The LITTLE GIRL runs up the steps, only to be stopped by an attending woman. Then, the LITTLE GIRL spots him. What are doing here?! Get out! You shouldn't be here! I have to see the doctor! It's my father! Calm down. What's wrong? My father... Banner looks behind him seeing how the girl is staring at a few people, lying down, looking very sick. Is he like them? The LITTLE GIRL holds out all the money she has in the world. Please. EXT. SLUMS ­ CONTINUOUS Banner and the LITTLE GIRL hastily run nearly to the edge of town. The LITTLE GIRL gets ahead of herself. Banner spots local government car, he turns around, blocking any view of him. EXT/INT. LITTLE GIRL'S SHACK ­ NIGHT Banner quickly follows the LITTLE GIRL inside her house. As he walks in, the LITTLE GIRL ESCAPES THROUGH THE WINDOW. Banner is left standing there like a dumbass. Should have got paid up front, Banner. Natasha then appears from behind the curtains. Banner turns around, quietly. You know, for a man who's supposed to be avoiding stress, you picked a hell of a place to settle. Avoiding stress isn't the secret. Then, what is it? Yoga? You brought me to the edge of the city, smart. I uh... assume the whole place is surrounded? Just you and me. And your actress buddy, is she a spy too? Do they start that young? I did. Who are you? Natasha Romanoff. Are you here to kill me, Miss Romanoff? Because that's not gonna work out for everyone. No. No. Of course not. I'm here on behalf of SHIELD. SHIELD. How did they find me? We never lost you, doctor. We've kept our distance, even helped keep some other interested parties off your scent. Why? Nick Fury seems to trust you. But now I need you to come in. What if I said no? I'll persuade you. And what if the... other guy says no? You've been more than a year without an incident. I don't think you wanna break that streak. I don't always get what I want. Doctor, we're facing a potential global catastrophe. Well, those I actively try to avoid. This is the Tesseract. It has the potential energy to wipe out the planet. She shows him a photo of the Tesseract on her cell phone. Banner takes a closer look. What does Fury want me to do? Swallow it? Well, he wants you to find it. It's been taken. It emits a gamma signature that's too weak for us to trace. There's no one that knows gamma radiation like you do. If there was, that's where I'd be. So Fury isn't after the monster? Not that he's told me. And he tells you everything? Talk to Fury, he needs you on this. He needs me in a cage? No one's gonna put you in a... The THUNDEROUS TONE in is voice makes Natasha QUICKLY grab her gun and point it at him, but something is now OFF in the atmosphere. Banner stands straight up, smiling. I'm sorry, that was mean. I just wanted to see what you'd do. Why don't we do this the easy way, where you don't use that, and the other guy doesn't make a mess? Okay? Natasha... Natasha, still wary, doesn't lower her gun. She lowers her gun and speaks into her earpiece. Stand down. We're good here. EXT. OUTSIDE THE LITTLE GIRL'S SHACK ­ NIGHT Amazingly, DOZENS OF SHIELD AGENTS are surrounding the shack outside. INT. LITTLE GIRL'S SHACK ­ NIGHT Banner looks at Natasha, charming a smile at her. Just you and me? Natasha fidgets now that she exposed her guard down. INT. SHIELD ANALYTICAL ROOM ­ NIGHT Fury is facing several LARGE MONITORS as he as a conference with members of the WORLD SECURITY COUNCIL. This is out of line, Director. You're dealing with forces you can't control. You ever been in a war, Councilman? In a firefight? Did you feel an overabundance of control? You saying that this Asgard has declared war on our planet? Not Asgard. Loki. He can't be working alone. What about the other one? His brother. Our intelligence says, Thor is not a hostile. But he's worlds away, we can't depend on him to help. It's up to us. Which is why you should be focusing on phase 2, it was designed for exactly... need a response team. The Avengers Initiative was shut down. This isn't about The Avengers. We're running the world's greatest covert security network and you're gonna leave the fate of human race to a handful of freaks. I'm not leaving anything to anyone. We need a response team. These people maybe isolated, unbalanced even, but I believe with the right push they can be exactly what we need. You believe? War isn't won by sentiment, Director. No, it's won by soldiers. INT. BROOKLYN GYM ­ NIGHT Somewhere in an old, almost WWII-esque boxing gym, STEVE ROGERS, a man out of time, THE FIRST AVENGER, FUCKIN' CAPTAIN AMERICA is he's trying to fight off and repress. EXT. HYDRA BASE ­ DAY  Captain America is running through the forest, dodging mortars, gunfire and the Tesseract's energy firearms. There's not enough time! I gotta put her in the water! INT. BROOKLYN GYM ­ NIGHT Steve's rage keeps building as he punches the bag. It gets harder... INT. HORTEN H.XVIII, RED SKULL'S SHIP ­ DAY  Steve places his COMPASS with an image of PEGGY CARTER. The time is here for him to crash the plane. INT. BROOKLYN GYM ­ NIGHT Steve closes his eyes. Goes at the bag harder. You won't be alone. INT. HORTEN H.XVIII, RED SKULL'S SHIP ­ DAY  The RED SKULL picks up the TESSERACT. INT. BROOKLYN GYM ­ NIGHT Steve opens his eyes and fuckin' tears the bag as the last memory kicks in. I don't think he can physically stop... Oh my god! INT. PROJECT P.E.G.A.S.U.S, ANTARCTICA ­ DAY  A half frozen Steve Roger is lying down on a medical slab. Two are up. And it seems... This guy is still alive! INT. BROOKLYN GYM ­ NIGHT Steve FUCKING tears the bag open, off its chain, spilling out the sand. He stands, breathing hard, letting out 70 years of over repressed feeling. After taking a few breathers, Steve picks up another punching bag, which is laying next another DOZEN BAGS. He hooks the bag up and starts punching again. Fury walks in. Trouble sleeping? I slept for seventy years, sir. I think I've had my fill. Then you should be out, celebrating, seeing the world. Steve stops punching and walks over to the bench, unraveling the tape off his hands. He sits down. I went under, the world was at war, I wake up, they say we won. They didn't say what we lost. We've made some mistakes along the way. Some very recently. You here with a mission, sir? I am. Trying to get me back in the world? Trying to save it. Fury hands Steve a file on the Tesseract, along with other files on HYDRA'S projects. Hydra's secret weapon. Howard Stark fished that out of the ocean when he was looking for you. He thought what we think, the Tesseract could be the key to unlimited sustainable energy. That's something the world sorely needs. Who took it from you? He's called Loki. He's not from around here. There's a lot we'll have to bring you up to speed on if you're in. The world has gotten even stranger than you already know. At this point, I doubt anything would surprise me. Ten bucks says you're wrong. There's a debriefing package waiting for you back at your apartment. Steve turns and picks up a punching bag. Starts walking out of the gym. Is there anything you can tell us about the Tesseract that we ought to know now? You should have left it in the ocean. INT. OCEAN ­ NIGHT Out in the Atlantic Ocean, TONY STARK, in his IRON MAN suit, is cutting a PIPELINE TRANSPORT with a laser cutter coming from his hand. He then places a STARK ENERGY REACTOR. It lights up. IRON You're good on this end. The rest is up to you.  You disconnected the transition lines? Are we off the grid? Stark Tower is about to become a beacon of self-sustaining clean energy. Wow. So maybe our reactor takes over and it actually works? I assume. Light her up. As IRON MAN flies to the STARK TOWER BUILDING, the power is switched on and the STARK sign LIGHTS UP. How does it look? Like Christmas, but with more... me. Gotta go wider on the public awareness campaign. You need to do some press. I can do some more tomorrow. I'm working on the zoning for the next billboards. Pepper, you're killing me. Remember? Enjoy the moment. Then get in here and I will. of taking off his IRON MAN suit through a hi-tech gauntlet of gadgets. Sir, Agent Coulson of SHIELD is on the line. I'm not in. I'm actually out. Sir, I'm afraid he's insisting. Close the line Jarvis. I got a date. INT. TONY'S PENTHOUSE ­ NIGHT Levels are holding steady... I think. Of course they are, I was directly involved. Which brings me to my next question: how does it feel to be a genius? Well, ha, I really wouldn't know now, would I? What do you mean? All this came from you. No. All this came from that. Points to the energy in his chest plate. Give yourself some credit, please. Stark Tower is your baby. Give yourself... twelve percent of the credit. Twelve percent? An argument can be made for fifteen. Twelve percent? For my baby? Well, I did do all the heavy lifting. Literally, I lifted the heavy things. And sorry, but the security snafu? That was on you. Oooooh. My private elevator... You mean OUR elevator? ...was teeming with sweaty workmen. I'm going to pay for that comment about percentages in some subtle way later, aren't I? Pepper pours herself and Tony a glass of champagne. Not gonna be that subtle. I'll tell you what. Next building's gonna say 'Potts' on the tower. On the lease. ...Call your mom, can you bunk over? Sir, the telephone. I'm afraid my protocols are being overwritten. Stark, we need to talk. Tony picks up his phone and looks into it at Coulson. You have reached the life model decoy of Tony Stark, please leave a message. This is urgent. Then leave it urgently. At that moment the elevator door opens and Coulson appears. Security breach.  That's on you. Mr. Stark. Phil! Come in. Phil? Uh, his first name is Agent. Come on in, we're celebrating. Which is why he can't stay. We need you to look this over. STARK) Soon as possible. I don't like being handed things. That's alright, `cause I love to be handed things. So, let's trade. She passes her glass of champagne to Coulson and takes the file from him, then takes her champagne glass back from Coulson and passes the file over to Stark. Thank you. Official consulting hours are between eight and five every other Thursday. This isn't a consultation. Is this about The Avengers? Which I...I know nothing about. The Avengers Initiative was scrapped, I thought. And I didn't even qualify. I didn't know that either. Yeah, apparently I'm volatile, self- obsessed, don't play well with others. That I did know. This isn't about personality profiles anymore. Whatever. Miss Potts, got a minute? Pepper walks over to Tony who places the files into his own databases. You know, I thought we were having a moment. I was having twelve percent of a moment. This seems serious, Phil's pretty shaken. How did you notice? Why is he Phil? What is all of this? This is, uh... Tony EXPANDS his arms and different profiles appear in holographic form floating in the air in front of Tony and Pepper. This. Screens appear of CAPTAIN AMERICA IN ACTION, the HULK ROARING AS Stark and Pepper look on in awe. I'm going to take the jet to D.C. tonight. Tomorrow. You've got homework. You've got a lot of homework. Well, what if I didn't? If you didn't? Yeah. You mean if you finished?  Well, um...then... She whispers something in his ear. Tony GASPS. Coulson looks away in embarrassment. Square deal. It's the last date. Pepper kisses him. Work hard. As Pepper leaves with Agent Coulson, Tony grabs the Tesseract in holograph form, worried. INT. QUINJET ­ DAY Inside the QUINJET, Steve is sitting down, holding a TABLET, watching the footage of the Hulk's attack on the Army at Culver University. We're about forty minutes out from base, sir. Agent Coulson stands up from his seat and walks over to Steve. So, this Doctor Banner was trying to replicate the serum that was used on me? A lot of people were. You were the world's first superhero. Banner thought gamma radiation might hold the key to unlocking Erskine's original formula. The Hulk roars with fury as he slams a jeep apart. Didn't really go his way, did it? Not so much. When he's not that thing though, guy's like a Stephen Hawking. Steve looks confused. He's like a smart person. I gotta say, it's an honor to meet you, officially. Steve smiles at Coulson. I sort of met you, I mean, I watched you while you were sleeping. Steve looks down. He stands up, closes his laptop and walks to the side with Coulson following. I mean, I was... I was present while you were unconscious from the ice. You know, it's really, it's just a... just a huge honor to have you on board. Well, I hope I'm the man for the job. Oh, you are. Absolutely. Uh... we've made some modifications to the uniform. I had a little design input. The uniform? Aren't the stars and stripes a little... old fashioned? With everything that's happening, the things that are about to come to light, people might just need a little old fashioned. Steve takes in Coulson's sentiment. INT. UNDERGROUND LAB ­ DAY Several soldiers under Loki's mind control run around, preparing to infiltrate whatever Loki has planned. Loki sits down, watching Selvig work with a CMS device. Loki meditates, until... EXT. THRONE ROOM ­ NIGHT ...the scepter materializes him back into the throne room of THE OTHER, fully armed in his horned helmet and armor. THE OTHER appears from the steps. The Chitauri grow restless. Let them go at themselves. I will lead them into glorious battle. Battle? Against the meager might of Earth? Glorious, not lengthy. If your force is as formidable as you claim. You question us? You question HIM? He, who put the scepter in your hand, who gave you ancient knowledge and new purpose when you were cast out, defeated? I was a king! The rightful king of Asgard! Betrayed! Your ambition is little, born of childish need. We look beyond the Earth to greater worlds the Tesseract will unveil. You don't have the Tesseract yet. scepter. I don't threaten, but until I open the doors, until your force is mine to command, you are but words. You will have your war, Asgardian. If you fail, if the Tesseract is kept from us, there will be no realm, no barren moon, no crevice where he can't find you. You think you know pain? He will make you long for something as sweet as pain. to Earth. Loki looks around, menacing. EXT. HELICARRIER LANDING STRIP ­ DAY The QUINJET lands down a MASSIVE BATTLESHIP known as the HELICARRIER. It has two runways. One with direct access to a hangar at the rear is aligned along the spine of the vessel. Agent Coulson and Steve walk down the ramp, meeting up with Natasha. Agent Romanoff. Captain Rogers. Ma'am? Hi.  They need you on the bridge. Face time. See you there. Agent Coulson walks away leaving Steve with Natasha, walking towards the railing of the ship. There was quite the buzz around here, finding you in the ice. I thought Coulson was gonna swoon. Did he ask you to sign his Captain America trading cards yet? Trading cards? They're vintage, he's very proud. Without realizing, Banner doesn't notice them walking as he isnervous as hell. He moves around as people keep walking in hisway. Dr. Banner. Steve walks up to Banner and shakes his hands. Oh, yeah. Hi. They told me you'd be coming. Word is you can find the cube. Is that the only word on me? Only word I care about.  Must be strange for you, all of this. Well, this is actually kind of familiar. Gentlemen, you may wanna step inside in a minute. It's gonna get a little hard to breath. Suddenly the HELICARRIER starts SHAKING as it prepares to fly "sail." Is this is a submarine? Really? They wanted me in a submerged pressurized metal container? They both move closer to the edge of the HELICARRIER. FOUR HUGE OH, NO. THIS IS MUCH WORSE. INT. HELICARRIER BRIDGE ­ DAY The doors part and we enter THE BRIDGE OF THE SHIP ­ a flurry of activity ­ dozens of agents sit in front of their VIEWSCREENS. Agent Hill shouts her instructs to leave. Turns to NICK FURY, who is at the command chair. We're at lock, sir. Good. Let's vanish. EXT. SKY The HELICARRIER rises high into the heavens. Suddenly, the entire ship is covered in reflecting mirrors, which then camouflages in the sky. INT. HELICARRIER BRIDGE ­ CONTINUOUS Steve and Banner walk through the glorious, gleaming bridge, taking his position at the SCIENCE CONSOLE. Gentlemen. Steve gives Fury 10 bucks, referring to his earlier statement about never being surprised again. Fury walks over Banner and extends his hand. Banner, reluctantly shakes it. Doctor, thank you for coming. Thanks for asking nicely. So, uh... how long am I staying? Once we get our hands on the Tesseract, you're in the clear. Where are you with that? Nick Fury turns to Agent Coulson to explain, while Natasha Romanoff eyes an image of Clint Barton on a computer screen. We're sweeping every wirelessly accessible camera on the planet. Cellphones, laptops. If it's connected to a satellite, it's eyes and ears for us. That's still not gonna find them in time. You have to narrow the field. How many spectrometers do you have access to? How many are there? Call every lab you know, tell them to put the spectrometers on the roof and calibrate them for gamma rays. I'll rough out a tracking algorithm based on cluster recognition. At least we could rule out a few places. Do you have somewhere for me to work? Agent Romanoff, would you show Dr.Banner to his laboratory, please. Natasha nods and walks off, leading Banner down the hall. You're gonna love it, Doc. We got all the toys. INT. UNDERGROUND LAB, VACUUM ROOM ­ DAY Selvig and several scientists work around the CMS device. Bartonwalks in, holding a tablet. Put it over there!  Where did you find all these people? Doctor. He holds up a screen showing information on IRIDIUM. Is this the stuff you need? Yeah, iridium. It's found in meteorites, it forms anti-protons. It's very hard to get hold of. Especially if SHIELD knows you need it. Well, I didn't know!  Hey! The Tesseract is showing me so much. It's more than just knowledge, it's... truth. I know. What did it show you, Agent Barton? My next target. Tell me what you need. I'll need a distraction.  And an eyeball. INT. HELICARRIER BRIDGE ­ NIGHT As they are waiting to locate Loki using satellite facial recognition, Coulson and Steve stand side by side, waiting. I mean, if it's not too much trouble. No, no. It's fine. It's a vintage set. It took me a couple of years to collect them all. Near mint, slight foxing around the edges, but... We got a hit. Sixty-seven percent match. Weight, cross match, seventy- nine percent. Location? Stuttgart, Germany. 28, Konigstrasse. He's not exactly hiding. Captain, you're up. Steve nods. Leaves. EXT. STUTTGART MUSEUM ­ NIGHT Loki standing in front of the museum, dressed in 21st century attire and with the scepter, disguised as a cane, walks up to the entrance of the gala. INT. STUTTGART GALA ­ NIGHT Inside, a lavished gala with an orchestra playing, is interrupted as the HEAD DOCTOR walks up to the mic. INT. HELICARRIER, STEVE'S LOCKER ­ NIGHT Steve walks into his own locker room. As he approaches to the steel cabinet, the doors already reveal the updated CAPTAIN silence. EXT. STUTTGART MUSEUM ­ NIGHT Outside the museum, GERMAN GUARDS stand in their positions. One of them is standing on top of the roof, scoping. He then hears a THWACK! He looks down. One of his guards is shot with an ARROW. He raises his gun. He is shot dead by an arrow. Falls down. Barton and his CREW arrive at the doors of the locked science building. Barton looks at the retinal scanner. He pulls out a SHIELD eye scanner instrument. INT. STUTTGART GALA ­ NIGHT Loki looks from above the museum and descends down to where the his cane the other end. The guard there notices him, pulls out his gun, but Loki CLUBS his head in. CHAOS ERUPTS. Guests begin to leave the museum. Loki grabs the doctor and flips him over onto a marble table of the mythological creatures BILCHSTEIM. Loki pulls out an OPTICAL TORTURE DEVICE. He PLUNGES down the doctor's eye. The doctor TWISTS in pain. EXT. STUTTGART MUSEUM ­ NIGHT Suddenly, from Barton's instrument, a holographic eye of the head doctor appears and the image of the doctor appears on screen. The doors to the facility open. Barton walks in and finds in a cabinet, a glass thermos with a cylinder of iridium. EXT. STUTTGART GALA ­ NIGHT As the crowd runs away, Loki slowly walks out and materializes in his gold armor and helmet. The POLICE arrive and with no hesitation, he BLASTS the cars, FLIPPING them over and over. Kneel before me. The crowd ignores him. Another LOKI appears, blocking the crowd. Loki after Loki appears, they all grin as they raise their spears, encircling the crowd. I said. KNEEL!!! Everyone becomes quiet and kneels in front him. Loki embracing his arms out, smiling. Is not this simpler? Is this not your natural state? It's the unspoken truth of humanity, that you crave subjugation. The bright lure of freedom diminishes your life's joy in a mad scramble for power, for identity. You were made to be ruled. In the end, you will always kneel. As the words resonate to the kneeling crowd, an ELDER GERMAN MAN refuses to kneel and stands, heroic. Not to men like you. There are no men like me. There are always men like you. Look to your elder, people. Let him be an example. Loki is about to execute him with his scepter as the light GLOWS blue. Just as the ENERGY BEAM shoots out, FUCKING CAPTAIN with his SHIELD, knocking down Loki on his ass. You know, the last time I was in Germany and saw a man standing above everybody else, we ended up disagreeing.  The soldier. A man out of time. I'm not the one who's out of time. From above Cap, the QUINJET arrives. A machine gun is pointed towards Loki. Loki, drop the weapon and stand down. Like greased lighting, Loki sends a BLAST of blue at the QUINJET. Natasha MANEUVERS it just in time, giving Cap the time to throw his shield at Loki. They both begin to DUKE IT OUT. Loki FLINGS Cap to the ground. Cap then throws his shield, but Loki SWATS it way. Cap, using all the moves of a boxer, is tip on his helmet. Kneel. Not today! Cap FLIPS and KNOCKS him out with his leg. Loki grabs him and INT. QUINJET ­ NIGHT The guy's all over the place. Suddenly, AC/DC's "Shoot to Thrill" overdrives the QUINJET'S speakers. Agent Romanoff, did you miss me? Both Cap and Loki look up at the sky. Tony flies over in his touches down. He stands up and pulls out every piece of weaponry the suit has. Make your move, Reindeer Games. Loki puts up his hands and surrenders. His armor materializes away. Good move. Mr. Stark. Captain. INT. QUINJET ­ NIGHT Natasha watches the skies. THUNDER. Coming out of nowhere. Fury speaks over her headset. Said anything? Not a word. Just get him here. We're low on time. With Loki tied up and cuffed to his seat, Tony and Steve watch from a distance, whispering. I don't like it. What? Rock of Ages giving up so easily? I don't remember it being ever that easy. This guy packs a wallop. Still, you are pretty spry, for an older fellow. What's your thing? Pilates? What? It's like calisthenics. You might have missed a couple things, you know, doing time as a Capsicle. Steve looks at Tony, finally meeting his ego match. Fury didn't tell me he was calling you in. Yeah, there's a lot of things Fury doesn't tell you. violently. Where's this coming from? Thunder RUMBLES overhead. Loki stares out the window intently. What's the matter? Scared of a little lightning? I'm not overly fond of what follows. What the fuck? OUTSIDE THE JET A BLINDING LIGHT hits the jet. Not a light. A King. throat and flies out. Steve and Tony are left dumbstruck. Tony puts the IRON MAN helmet on. Now there's that guy. Another Asgardian? Think the guy's a friendly? Doesn't matter. If he frees Loki or kills him, the Tesseract's lost. Tony turns and gets ready to jump off the jet to chase after Thor. Stark, we need a plan of attack! I have a plan. Attack. parachute to follow. I'd sit this one out, Cap. I don't see how I can. These guys come from legends, they're basically gods. There's only one God, ma'am. And I'm pretty sure he doesn't dress like that. Cap JUMPS OUT of the jet. EXT. MOUNTAIN LEDGE ­ NIGHT Somewhere out in the European mountains, Thor throws Loki into the side of the mountain. He raises the mighty hammer, MJÖLNIR. He looks down at his brother, who he thought to be dead and is angry to see him alive in this fashion. Where is the Tesseract?  I missed you too. Do I look to be in a gaming mood?! Oh, you should thank me. With the Bifrost gone how much dark energy did the Allfather have to muster to conjure you here? Your precious Earth. Thor drops MJÖLNIR, causing the mountain to quake. He picks up Loki. His brother. Although Thor is pissed for what he has done, a family is everything to a man or god. I thought you dead. Did you mourn? We all did. Our father... Your father. He did tell you my true parentage, did he not? Thor lets go Loki, who walks away from Thor, causing an even bigger wedge between them. We were raised together, we played together, we fought together. Do you remember none of that?  I remember a shadow. Living in the shade of your greatness. I remember you tossing me into an abyss. I was and should be king! So you take the world I love as recompense for your imagined slights. No, the Earth is under my protection, Loki.  And you're doing a marvelous job with that. The humans slaughter each other in droves, while you idly threat. I mean to rule them. And why should I not? You think yourself above them. Well, yes. Then you miss the truth of ruling, brother. Throne would suit you ill. Angrily, Loki shoves his brother to the side. He walks back up to the ledge. Turns around. I've seen worlds you've never known about! I have grown, Odinson, in my exile! I have seen the true power of the Tesseract, and when I wield it... Who showed you this power? Who controls the would-be-king? I am a king! Not here! You give up the Tesseract! You give up this poisonous dream! You come home. I don't have it. You need the cube to bring me home, but I've sent it off I know not where. Mjölnir flies back to his grasp. You listen well, brother. I... MID-FLIGHT. I'm listening. EXT. FOREST ­ CONTINUOUS opens up. Do not touch me again! Then don't take my stuff. You have no idea what you're dealing with. Shakespeare in the park? Doth mother know you weareth her drapes? This is beyond you, metal man. Loki will face Asgardian justice! He gives up the Cube, he's all yours. Until then, stay out of my way... tourist. The IRON MAN helmet clamps up and he walks away. In one quick move, Thor pulls Mjölnir, throws it, and KNOCKS IRON MAN clear across into a tree. Okay. From the mountain side, Loki watches in amusement. Thor raises his hand. Mjölnir flies back to his hand. Thor SWINGS the hammer, summoning a ray of energy. knocks Thor into a tree. Right back at you, bitch! Thor, kneeling on the ground, pulls Mjölnir to his hand, raises it to the skies and pulls in LIGHTING and THUNDER! Thor points the hammer at IRON MAN and the outpouring of bolts lighting increases in intensity. IRON MAN falls back. Power at 400% capacity. How about that? knees. Like two gunslingers ready to draw, both Thor and IRON EXT. SKY ­ NIGHT The two battle. IRON MAN grasps THOR, elbowing him and SMASHING him into the side of a mountain. EXT. FOREST ­ CONTINUOUS tree possible. IRON MAN YANKS Thor right up. Thor grabs both much energy as he can and SHOOTS ENERGY in Thor's face. Thor FALLS back, losing his stance. IRON MAN HEADBUTTS Thor, with his gold-titanium alloy helmet. Thor... HEADBUTTS him with his fuckin' head and actually sends IRON MAN across the forest. arm and cape and SWINGS him into another tree. Thor looks up, ready. Thor runs with all his patience out the window. IRON MAN him and SMASH him down hard. Thor summons back Mjölnir to his hand. Just as he's about to put the hammer down, IRON MAN uses his HAND BOOSTERS to SKID across the ground and trip Thor over. Standing up, Thor looks for him, but from behind him, IRON MAN CRASHES into his back. Thor stands facing IRON MAN. Ready to pounce... stopping them. They look up and see CAPTAIN AMERICA standing on top of a fallen tree with the shield back in hand. Hey! That's enough!  Now, I don't know what you plan on doing here. I've come here to put an end to Loki's schemes! Then prove it! Put the hammer down. Um, yeah, no! Bad call! He loves his hammer! Thor, losing all tolerance with this SENTENTIAL OF LIBERTY, raises the hammer.  You want me to put the hammer down? brings that hammer down onto the shield and a MASSIVE IMPLOSION next to him is Cap, who never takes his eye off Thor. Thor looks at both men. Are we done here? THOR, CAPTAIN AMERICA AND IRON MAN STAND THERE. INT. HELICARRIER HALLWAY ­ NIGHT smiling. As they pass the HELICARRIER LAB, Banner stops working on the CHITAURI SCEPTER and looks up. Loki eyes him as he walks, nodding and smiling. BANNER rubs his head. INT. HELICARRIER DETENTION SECTION ­ NIGHT Loki is now free from his cuffs and is contained in a LARGE panel of the cell. In case it's unclear. You try to escape. You so much as scratch that glass. Fury presses a button which OPENS UP a HATCH underneath Loki's cell. Loki peers as much as he can from the glass. Without seeing, the sounds of GUSTING WIND would make man shit his pants. Not a god, though. Thirty thousand feet, straight down in a steel trap. You get how that works?! Fury closes the hatch. Points at Loki. Ant. Then points at the button which would drop Loki into the steel trap. Boot.  It's an impressive cage. Not built, I think, for me. Built for something a lot stronger than you. Oh, I've heard. Loki looks into the camera. INT. BRIEFING ROOM ­ CONTINUOUS The others watch on the monitor Loki getting interrogated. Banner looks at the monitor, intently. INT. HELICARRIER DETENTION SECTION ­ CONTINUOUS The mindless beast, makes play he's still a man. How desperate are you, that you call upon such lost creatures to defend you? How desperate am I? You threaten my world with war. You steal a force you can't hope to control.  You talk about peace and you kill `cause it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad that you did. Ooh. It burns you to come so close. To have the Tesseract, to have power, unlimited power. And for what? A warm light for all mankind to share, and then to be reminded what real power is.  Well, you let me know if Real Power wants a magazine or something. Fury walks off leaving Loki in his glass cell. Loki looks back at the camera, smirking. INT. BRIEFING ROOM ­ CONTINUOUS Steve watches until the monitor goes black. Thor, who didn't even look, just listened, stands there, torn apart. They all just stand there in stunned SILENCE. Finally -- He really grows on you, doesn't he? Loki's gonna drag this out. So, Thor, what's his play?  He has an army called the Chitauri. They're not of Asgard or any world known. He means to lead them against your people. They will win him the earth. In return, I suspect, for the Tesseract.  An army? From outer space? So he's building another portal. That's what he needs Erik Selvig for. Selvig? He's an astrophysicist. He's a friend. Loki has him under some kind of spell, along with one of ours. I wanna know why Loki let us take him. He's not leading an army from here. I don't think we should be focusing on Loki. That guy's brain is a bag full of cats, you could smell crazy on him. Have care how you speak. Loki is beyond reason, but he is of Asgard, and he's my brother. He killed eighty people in two days. He's adopted. Iridium, what did they need the Iridium for? It's a stabilizing agent. COULSON) I'll fly you there. Keep the love alive. Means the portal won't collapse on itself, like it did at SHIELD.  No hard feelings, Point Break. You've got a mean swing.  Also, it means the portal can open as wide, and stay open as long, as Loki wants.  Uh, raise the mid-mast, ship the top sails. That man is playing GALAGA! Thought we wouldn't notice. But we did. AROUND) How does Fury do this? He turns. Tony looks around the monitors and places a BUTTON SIZE HACKING Well, that sounds exhausting. The rest of the raw materials, Agent Barton can get his hands on pretty easily. Only major component he still needs is a power source. A high energy density, something to kick start the cube. When did you become an expert in thermonuclear astrophysics? Last night. The packet, Selvig's notes, the Extraction Theory papers. Am I the only one who did the reading? Does Loki need any particular kind of power source? He's got to heat the cube to a hundredand twenty million Kelvin just to break through the Coulomb barrier. Unless, Selvig has figured out how to stabilize the quantum tunneling effect. Well, if he could do that he could achieve Heavy Ion Fusion at any reactor on the planet. Finally, someone who speaks English. Is that what just happened? Tony and Banner shake hands. A glimmer in their eyes shines as the mutual respect for each other shows. It's good to meet you, Dr. Banner. You're work on anti-electron collisions is unparalleled. And I'm a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into an enormous green rage monster.  Thanks.  Dr. Banner is only here to track the cube. I was hoping you might join him. Let's start with that stick of his. It may be magical, but it works an awful lot like a HYDRA weapon. I don't know about that, but it is powered by the cube. And I'd like to know how Loki used it to turn two of the sharpest men I know into his personal flying monkeys. Monkeys? I do not understand. I do! I understood that reference. Tony rolls his eyes, while Cap looks proud of himself. Shall we play, doctor? Let's play some. As Banner and Tony walk out, the GALAGA PLAYER turns ever so discreetly, watches as everyone else disperses and goes back to playing. INT. BANNER'S LAB - NIGHT  Banner continuously scans with a gamma ray detection scanner on the scepter for radiation. Tony looks at his monitors, shifting and solving as many algorithms and equations. The gamma readings are definitely consistent with Selvig's reports on the Tesseract. But it's gonna take weeks to process. If we bypass their mainframe and direct a reroute to the Homer cluster, we can clock this around six hundred teraflops. All I packed was a tooth brush.  You know, you should come by STARK R&D. You'd love it, it's candy land. Thanks, but the last time I was in New York I kind of broke...Harlem. Well, I promise a stress free environment. No tension. No surprises. Suddenly, Tony pokes Banner with a MINIATURE ELECTRICAL PROD. Steve walks in on them, pissed at Tony. OW! Tony looks at Banner closely. Nothing?  Hey! Are you nuts? You really have got a lid on it, haven't you? What's your secret? Mellow jazz? Bongo drums? Huge bag of weed? Is everything a joke to you? Funny things are. Threatening the safety of everyone on this ship isn't funny. No offense, doctor. No, it's alright. I wouldn't have come aboard if I couldn't handle pointy things. You're tiptoeing, big man. You need to strut. And you need to focus on the problem, Mr. Stark. You think I'm not? Why did Fury call us and why now? Why not before? What isn't he telling us? I can't do the equation unless I have all the variables. You think Fury's hiding something? He's a spy. Captain, he's the spy. His secrets have secrets.  It's bugging him too, isn't it?  Uh...I just wanna finish my work here and... Doctor? A beat. 'A warm light for all mankind, Loki's jab at Fury about the cube. I heard it.  Well, I think that was meant for you. Even if Barton didn't post that all over the news. The Stark Tower? That big ugly  ...building in New York? It's powered by Stark Reactors, self- sustaining energy source. That building will run itself for what, a year? That's just the prototype. I'm kind of the only name in clean energy right now.  So, why didn't SHIELD bring him in on the Tesseract project? I mean, what are they doing in the energy business in the first place? I should probably look into that once my decryption programmer finishes breaking into all of SHIELD's secure files.  I'm sorry, did you say...? Jarvis has been running it since I hit the bridge. In a few hours we'll know every dirty secret SHIELD has ever tried to hide.  Blueberry? Yet you're confused about why they didn't want you around? An intelligence organization that fears intelligence? Historically, not possible. I think Loki's trying to wind us up. This is a man who means to start a war, and if don't stay focused, he'll succeed. We have orders, we should follow them. Following is not really my style.  And you're all about style, aren't you?  Of the people in this room, which one is; A. wearing a spangly outfit, and B. not of use? Steve, tell me none of this smells a little funky to you? Steve takes in the possibility, but as an obedient soldier, shakes it off. Just find the cube. Steve walks out of the lab. Still torn apart by the possibility, he walks away, towards the HULL of the ship. That's the guy my dad never shut up about? Wondering if they shouldn't have kept him on ice. The guy's not wrong about Loki. He does have the jump on us. What he's got is an ACME dynamite kit. It's gonna blow up in his face, and I'm gonna be there when it does. And I'll read all about it. Uh-huh. Or you'll be suiting up like the rest of us. Ah, see. I don't get a suit of armor. I'm exposed, like a nerve. It's a nightmare. You know, I've got a cluster of shrapnel, trying every second to crawl its way into my heart. This stops it. This little circle of light. It's part of me now, not just armor. It's a... terrible privilege. But you can control it. Because I learned how. It's different. Banner tries to read the computer screen, but Tony slides the data aside with his finger so the two can see face-to-face. Hey, I've read all about your accident. That much gamma exposure should have killed you. So you're saying that the Hulk... the other guy... saved my life?  That's nice. It's a nice sentiment. Saved it for what?  I guess we'll find out. Banner and Stark get back to work at their respective computers. You might not like that. You just might. INT. HULL HANGAR, SECURE STORAGE 10-C ­ NIGHT Steve, with all his MIGHT, slides the HEAVY IRON door and filled with METAL CRATES stacked. Steve looks up, seeing another level. He LEAPS up high and holds onto the catwalk railing. Steve continues to move forward. INT. VAN ­ NIGHT Inside this particular van, Selvig and a few other SOLDIERS are driving inside a long tunnel. With the CMS device inside, Selvig carefully picks up the small cylinder shape IRIDIUM with metal prongs and lightly places it a SLOT within the CMS. THE CMS INT. BRIEFING ROOM ­ NIGHT On a SHIELD monitor is a photo and record of JANE FOSTER. Thor looks at her, remembering. With him is Agent Coulson. As soon as Loki took the doctor we moved Jane Foster. We've got an excellent observatory in Traunsee. She was asked to consult there very suddenly yesterday. Handsome fee, private plane, very remote. She'll be safe. Thank you. It's no accident Loki taking Erik Selvig. I dread what he plans for him once he's done. Erik is a good man. He talks about you a lot. You changed his life. You changed everything around here. They were better as they were. We pretend on Asgard that we're more advanced, but we...we come here battling like BILCHSTEIM. Like what? BILCHSTEIM? You know; huge, scaly, big antlers. You don't have those? Don't think so. They are repulsive, and they trample everything in their path. Thor walks over to the side of the ship and looks out the window, lamenting about what has happened and what may come. When I first came to earth, Loki's rage followed me here and your people paid the price. And now again. In my youth I courted war. War hasn't started yet.  You think you can make Loki tell us what the Tesseract is? I do not know. Loki's mind is far afield, it's not just power he craves, it's vengeance upon me. There's no pain that would prize his need from him. A lot of guys think that, until the pain stops. What are you asking me to do? I'm asking. What are you prepared to do? Loki is a prisoner. Then why do I feel like he's the only person on this boat that wants to be here? Thor doesn't answer. INT. HELICARRIER DETENTION SECTION ­ NIGHT Loki walks back and forth inside his glass cell. Suddenly, he stops. There's not many people that can sneak up on me. But you figured I'd come. After. After whatever tortures Fury can concoct, you would appear as a friend, as a balm. And I would cooperate. I wanna know what you've done to Agent Barton. I'd say I've expanded his mind. And once you've won. Once you're king of the mountain. What happens to his mind? Is this love, Agent Romanoff? Love is for children. I owe him a debt.  Tell me. WELL) Before I worked for SHIELD, I uh...well, I made a name for myself. I have a very specific skillset. I didn't care who I used it for, or on. I got on SHIELD's radar in a bad way. Agent Barton was sent to kill me, he made a different call. And what will you do if I vow to spare him? Not let you out.  Ah, no. But I like this. Your world in the balance, and you bargain for one man? Regimes fall every day. I tend not to weep over that, I'm Russian... or was. What is it you want? It's really not that complicated. I've got red in my ledger, I'd like to wipe it out. Can you? Can you wipe out that much red? DRAKOV'S daughter? SÃO PAULO? THE everything. Your ledger is dripping, it's gushing red, and you think saving a man no more virtuous than yourself will change anything?  This is the basest sentimentality. This is a child at prayer... PATHETIC! - Tony and Banner continuously work at their monitors. You lie and kill in the service of liars and killers. - Agent Hill checks every VIEWSCREEN in the bridge. Fury oversees. You pretend to be separate, to have your own code, something that makes up for the horrors. But they are a part of you, and they will never go away! - Steve opens a STEEL crate. Angry, he looks behind him and looks back into the crate. THE CRATE IS FILLED WITH AN ARRAY OF INT. HELICARRIER DETENTION SECTION ­ NIGHT Loki SLAMS his cell, making Natasha FLINCH. I won't touch Barton. Not until I make him kill you! Slowly. Intimately. In every way he knows you fear! And when he'll wake just long enough to see his good work, and when he screams, I'll split his skull! This is my bargain, you mewling quim!  You're a monster.  No, you brought the monster.  So, Banner... that's your play.  What?  Loki means to unleash the Hulk. Keep Banner in the lab, I'm on my way. Send Thor as well.  Thank you for your cooperation. Natasha quickly walks out, leaving Loki frozen. INT. BANNER'S LAB ­ MORNING Fury walks in SURPRISED to see Tony and Banner stop working on the scepter.  What are you doing, Mr. Stark? Uh...kind of been wondering the same thing about you. You're supposed to be locating the Tesseract. We are. The model's locked and we're sweeping for the signature now. When we get a hit, we'll have the location within half a mile. And you'll get your cube back, no muss, no fuss. collection of SECRET FILES) What is PHASE 2? Suddenly, Steve drops a HYDRA ASSAULT RIFLE on the table causing Fury, Banner and Tony to turn around. Cap looks pissed. weapons.  Sorry, the computer was moving a little slow.  Rogers, we gathered everything related to the Tesseract. This does not mean that we're... I'm sorry, Nick. Tony moves the computer screen towards Fury which shows plans of What were you lying? I was wrong, director. The world hasn't changed a bit. At that moment, Thor and Natasha walk into the lab. Natasha keeps her eyes right on Banner. Banner looks at her, PISSED. Did you know about this? You wanna think about removing yourself from this environment, doctor? I was in Calcutta, I was pretty well removed. Loki's manipulating you. And you've been doing what exactly? You didn't come here because I bat my eyelashes at you. Yes, and I'm not leaving because suddenly you get a little twitchy. I'd like to know why SHIELD is using the Tesseract to build weapons of mass destruction. Because of him.   Me? Last year earth had a visitor from another planet who had a grudge match that leveled a small town. We learned that not only are we not alone, but we are hopelessly, hilariously, outgunned. My people want nothing but peace with your planet. But you're not the only people out there, are you? And, you're not the only threat. The world's filling up with people who can't be matched, they can't be controlled. Like you controlled the cube? You're work with the Tesseract is what drew Loki to it, and his allies. It is the signal to all the realms that the earth is ready for a higher form of war. A higher form? You forced our hand. We had to come up with something. Nuclear deterrent. `Cause that always calms everything right down. Remind me again how you made your fortune, Stark? I'm sure if he still made Wait! Wait! Hold on! How is weapons, Stark would be neck this now about me? deep... I'm sorry, isn't THOR everything? I thought humans were more evolved than this. Excuse me, did WE come to YOUR planet and blow stuff up? Did you always give your champions such mistrust? Are you all really that Captain America is on naive? S.H.I.E.L.D monitors potential threat potential threats? watch list?  I swear to God, Stark, one You're on that list? Are you more crack... above or below angry bees? Threatening! I feel threatened! As the "team" argues, they don't realize the BLUE GEM on Loki's scepter is glowing brightly. INT. AIRCRAFT CARRIER ­ DAY Outside the HELICARRIER, a lone carrier slowly hovers over the ship. 661 Bravo, please relay your pass code. What is your hull, over? Arms to ammunition, over. Inside, BARTON and his crew suit up and arm themselves. Barton pulls out his hi-tech bow and arrows. INT. BANNER'S LAB ­ MORNING Back in the lab, the egos of these people keeping rubbing off each other and at any moment, the shit will hit the fan. You speak of control, yet you court chaos. It's his M.O., isn't it? I mean, what are we, a team? No, no, no. We're a chemical mixture that makes chaos. We're... we're a time-bomb. You need to step away.  Why shouldn't the guy let off a little steam?  You know damn well why! Back off!  Oh, I'm starting to want you to make me. Big man in a suit of armor. Take that off, what are you? Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist. I know guys with none of that worth ten of you. Yeah, I've seen the footage.  The only thing you really fight for is yourself. You're not the guy to make the sacrifice play, to lay down on a wire and let the other guy crawl over you. I think I would just cut the wire.  Always a way out... You know, you may not be a threat, but you better stop pretending to be a hero.  A hero? Like you? You're a lab rat, Rogers. Everything special about you came out of a bottle! The ramp of the carrier opens. The carrier maneuvers next to one of the large turbine engines. Barton stands at the base, holding out his bow. He pulls out a GRENADE TIPPED ARROW. He points right at the engine. Then...Barton moves his AIM and points the arrow about a hundred feet from the engine. He releases. The arrow flies out,but then engine. It has a visible timer which is COUNTING DOWN. INT. BANNER'S LAB ­ MORNING Back in the lab, Steve puffs up his chest at Tony, who just stands there, unmoving. Put on the suit, let's go a few rounds. Thor laughs at them. You people are so petty... and tiny. Tony rubs his head. Moves away from Cap. Yeah, this is a tee... Agent Romanoff, would you escort Dr.Banner back to his... Where? You rented my room. The cell was just in case... In case you needed to kill me, but you can't! I know! I tried!  I got low. I didn't see an end, so I put a bullet in my mouth and the other guy spit it out! So I moved on. I focused on helping other people. I was good, until you dragged me back into this freak show and put everyone here at risk! Banner slowly gets upset as he looks at Romanoff, who gets unnerved. You wanna know my secret, Agent Romanoff? You wanna know how I stay calm? Doctor Banner... put down the scepter. SCEPTER. The computer beeps. They all turn to it. Got it. Banner puts down the scepter and walks over to the computer. Sorry, kids. You don't get to see my little party trick after all. Located the Tesseract? I can get there faster. Look, all of us... The Tesseract belongs on Asgard, no human is a match for it. Tony turns to leave, but Steve stops him. You're not going alone! You gonna stop me? Put on the suit, let's find out. I'm not afraid to hit an old man. Put on the suit. At that moment Banner who's looking at the monitor notices something about the Tesseract. Oh, my God! Barton PULLS THE TRIGGER ON HIS BOW. The arrow then EXPLODES THE INT. BANNER'S LAB ­ MORNING Everyone is thrown in every direction. Steve, Fury, Thor and Tony are thrown across while Natasha and Banner is down in the lower equipment room. Steve looks up at Tony. Put on the suit! Yep! Steve helps Tony up and out of the lab. Fury sits up, clutching his ribs. He puts on his EARPIECE. Hill?! INT. HELICARRIER BRIDGE ­ DAY activate near surrounding fires and every agent is in a spinning scramble for their positions and armaments. Agent Hill keeps the bridge as calm as possible. Turn up that engine! Number 3 engine is down! Can we get a run in?  Talk to me.  Turbine's loose. Mostly intact, but it's impossible to get out there and make repairs while we're in the air. We lose one more engine, we won't be. Somebody's got to get inside and patch that engine. INT. BANNER'S LAB ­ MORNING Stark! You copy that?! I'm on it! Coulson! Initiate official lock down in the detention section then get to the armory! Move out! INT. HELICARRIER BRIDGE ­ DAY Agent Coulson runs out of the bridge. INT. LOWER EQUIPMENT ROOM, CARRIER ­ MORNING Natasha looks over to Banner, who is breathing heavy, having landed hard. He is gripping the grated floor to maintain control, but his eyes are green, his face intense.  I'm okay. We're okay, right? EXT. HELICARRIER DECK ­ DAY Barton leads his men into the air ducts of the ship. They rappel down into a corridor. Get that engine down! Detention! Get him through the dark! Come with me. Two of his men follow him. They head towards the bridge. EXT. ND HALLWAY, CARRIER ­ MORNING Tony and Cap run through a dim, debris filled hall. Find engine three. I'll meet you there. Cap peels off as Tony approaches a tech room. Inside, Tony's INT. LOWER EQUIPMENT ROOM, CARRIER ­ CONTINUOUS the rage, but his face is growing, changing slowly. Natasha is pulling herself painfully free, talking to Banner... Doctor... Bruce, you gotta fight it. This is just what Loki wants. We're gonna be okay. Listen to me. Two approaching SHIELD soldiers arrive to check on her. She furiously WAVES them away. They bolt out of there. We're gonna be okay. Right? I swear on my life I will get you out of this, you will walk away, and never... Your life? His voice has the change in it -- the bitter amusement is morphing to a growled threat. Another explosion rocks the carrier -- and he turns to look at her, transforming just as the lights go out.  Bruce. Banner suddenly starts transforming into the HULK and gives Natasha one last knowing look. Natasha STRUGGLES FREE of the rubble. She stops. The HULK, sensing her, turns his head and puts on a face of a disturb monster. Natasha JOLTS up the stairs with the HULK chasing after her. Natasha maneuvers like a black widow should. She rolls under a turbine, starts to crawl within the maze of pipes. The HULK pulls them out from above the catwalk. Natasha falls through under the catwalks and quickly and stealthily escapes. The HULK lets out a ROAR OF RAGE unlike anything. PRIMAL. Not human. INT. HELICARRIER DETENTION SECTION ­ DAY Loki looks up, smiling mischievously. INT. HELICARRIER BRIDGE ­ DAY Fury RUNS in and sees the chaos has increased even more than before. The HELMSMAN is in complete disarray. Bring the carrier inwards and head south. Take us to the water. Why water? Navigations recalibrated after the engine failure. Is the sun coming up?! Yes, sir. Then put it on the left! Get us over water! One more turbine goes down and we drop. EXT. HELICARRIER PORT SIDE ­ DAY portside, sees SHIELD tech in full oxygen masks shoot fire extinguishers and cover from sparks -- largely unable to do anything. Engine 3 is totally dead. A LARGE CHUNK of the port side in TORN OFF. Stark, I'm here! Good. See what we got. Tony flies in his IRON MAN suit and gets close to the damaged engine. Tony observes within his viewscreen at the damaged engine and its layouts. I gotta get this super conducting cooling system back online before I can access the rotors and work on dislodging the debris. EXT. HELICARRIER PORT SIDE ­ DAY I need you to get to that engine control panel and tell me which relays are in overload position. man who grew up as a YANK, what the fuck is this! What's it look like in there? It seems to run on some form of electricity. Well, you're not wrong. INT. LOWER EQUIPMENT ROOM, CARRIER ­ DAY Natasha continuously crawls under the catwalk. She stops. Then...BOOM. BOOM. BOOM. The room vibrates. Rhythmically. Natasha pulls out her gun and slowly walks out onto the catwalk and spins. ...and then a ROAR. THE HULK. Natasha FIRES a shot into a liquid nitrogen pipe that hits the hulk in face. The HULK SMASHES THE corridors. The sound the monster is coming. Finally, she reaches and a long corridor. As she runs, behind her, the HULK TEARS up the hallway, coming at her. Natasha turns to see, but the HULK SLAPS her into the wall, The HULK marks his territory. Natasha looks up. A fear she has never felt begins to seep out. The HULK raises his hand and IS INT. HELICARRIER AIRCRAFT PORT ­ CONTINUOUS Both Thor and HULK roll across the floor. Every person runs the hell out. Thor looks up at this magnificent beast. The HULK stands up and moving like a boxer, wants Thor to make his move. The HULK makes his move. off. Finally, he brings down his arm, but Thor grabs it and wraps around it. We are not your enemies, Banner! Try to think! EXT. HELICARRIER PORT SIDE ­ DAY engine. It's bad, but still fixable. The relays are intact. What's our next move? Even if I clear the rotors, this thing won't re-engage without a jump. I'm gonna have to get in there and push. EXT. HELICARRIER PORT SIDE ­ DAY Well if that thing gets up to speed, you'll get shredded! Then stay in the control unit and reverse polarity long enough to disengage mag... Speak English! See that red lever? It'll slow the rotors down long enough for me to get out. Stand by it, wait for my word. sees the red lever and JUMPS towards it. INT. HELICARRIER AIRCRAFT PORT ­ DAY Thor CRASHES into another stack of crates. As he raises his head, he feels something on his lips. BLOOD. As he swipes it off, the ROAR of the HULK is not too far. Thor extends his hand out. The ROAR gets LOUDER and CLOSER. Thor focuses. His hand strains toward mid-air. His eyes tight in concentration. The HULK runs right at him. At the last second, MJÖLNIR flies into his hand and Thor UPPERCUTS HULK, WHO CRASHES INTO A FIGHTER JET. happened.' He SHAKES it off and ANGRILY rips off the TAIL of the jet, TORQUES HIS BODY LIKE A GREEK DISCUS THROWER AND... HURLS Thor SLIDES and DUCKS under the tail. Jumping up, he throws Mjölnir with all his strength, knocking the HULK head over heels. HULK falls down, hammer in hand. HE tries to lift it, but can't. Mjölnir rests atop his hand. Struggle as he may, HULK wraps his hand around the hammer. The hammer doesn't move. To no avail -- he strains with all his might, SCREAMS from the effort, BELLOWING. Thor jumps up again, KNEEING HULK in the face. Thor grabs his hammer, jumps on him, using the hammer as a lock for his CHOKEHOLD. Hulk tries to pull him off. INT. HELICARRIER BRIDGE ­ DAY Fury and Agent Hill look over their monitors. We need a full evac on the lower hangar bay. Agent Hill nods. She leaves to exit out, but a SLIDING GRENADE appears. GRENADE! The grenade goes off, sending her down the steps. Fury FIRES a shot at the open entrance. He moves over behind the side of the entrance. A handful of Barton's men enter. Watchful, ready, waiting... Fury steps out, his GUN drawn. A SHOOT OUT and HAND-TO-HAND ensues, but Fury is unable to stop one of them, which is why he is shot in the head by Agent Hill, who looks hot and sexy holding her gun. INT. HELICARRIER ARMORY SECTION ­ DAY Agent Coulson walks up the armory door. He places his head into a FACIAL RECOGNITION SCANNER. Walks into the room. We got perimeter breach! Hostiles are in SHIELD gear. Hold on to every junction. INT. HELICARRIER AIRCRAFT PORT ­ DAY grabs him by the neck. INT. HELICARRIER BRIDGE ­ DAY A gunfight opens up. AGENTS exchange fire with brutally efficient tactical soldiers. Sir, the HULK and Thor are in shuttle levels 2, 3 and 4! Sir, the Hulk will tear this place apart! Get his attention.  Escort 606, proceed to 270 MAIN SHUTTLE! Don't get too close. Copy. EXT. SKY ­ DAY shuttle. EXT. OUTSIDE SHUTTLE between Thor and the HULK. Target acquired. Target engaged. guns at HULK) A SHOWER OF BULLETS SPRAYS THE HULK EVERYWHERE. Thor ducks for cover. The HULK turns around, letting out his PRIMAL ROAR. He jumps up, TAKES A RUNNING START AND LEAPS... tears it apart, ESCORT 606 PILOT pulls his ejection seat, but EXT. HELICARRIER PORT SIDE ­ DAY on it, relieving the rotors. On the other side, BARTON'S men enter the port side. CAPTAIN they begin SHOOTING at him and throwing grenades. Barton's men. He begins to TAKE THEM DOWN, even goes as far as throwing one off. A few more enter, FIRING. for big fuckin' gun) and jumps back up to his position, firing down at them. INT. HELICARRIER BRIDGE ­ DAY The gunfight has gone down, but more of Barton's men enter and are taken by Fury, who is confused as to why they keep coming. They are not getting through here, so what the hell... Suddenly, Barton LOOSES an arrow down to the bridge and EXPLODES critical spots. Barton releases a multi-tipped arrow towards Fury, but instead hits his command desk, right above a USB OUTLETS. Fury FIRES at Barton, but is already gone. The arrow then self- activates and inserts itself into the outlets, hacking every single monitor and main frame. The hacking causes Engine 1 to shut off. Suddenly, the HELICARRIER begins to DANGEROUSLY TILT to one side. Sir, we've lost all power in Engine 1. It's Barton. He took out our systems. He's headed for the detention level. Does anybody copy? INT. LOWER EQUIPMENT ROOM, CARRIER- DAY Still shaken by the HULK ordeal, Natasha sits there, rocking back and forth, after crying for a while. Summoning back all her coolness, she touches her EARPIECE. This is Agent Romanoff. I copy. Natasha SPRINGS up and runs for Barton. EXT. HELICARRIER PORT SIDE ­ DAY Stark, we're losing altitude. Yeah. Noticed. The rotors start propelling faster and faster as IRON MAN'S On the other side, CAPTAIN AMERICA continuously shoots at Barton's men. Blinking at the wrong moment, CAPTAIN AMERICA loses the upper hand and SLIDES off the railing, but grabs onto a LOOSE CABLE. INT. HELICARRIER DETENTION SECTION ­ DAY Thor runs into the detention section where he finds Loki, escaping. NO! Thor CHARGES at his brother. Loki walks up to him and CROUCHES down to attack. THOR ONLY GOES THROUGH HIM. The false Loki dissipates into nothingness. THE REAL LOKI comes out from behind the cell door, which closes on THOR, locking him up. Loki smiles. Are you ever not going to fall for that? INT. LOWER EQUIPMENT ROOM, CARRIER ­ DAY Barton walks alone down the catwalk. In a lightning fast move, Barton nocks an arrow, and points it at NATASHA. A hand-to-hand fight ensues. Natasha CRAWLS her way around Barton, making Barton to drop his bow, but pulls out a KNIFE on her. INT. HELICARRIER DETENTION SECTION ­ DAY Thor, in a fit of anger, SLAMS MJÖLNIR onto the glass cell. To his surprise, the cell door only CRACKS, but violently SHAKES the ship. Loki stands there in caution, as does his GUARDING SOLDIER. The humans think us immortal. Should we test that? Suddenly, GUARDING SOLDIER falls down like a tree. AGENT COULSON stands there, holding PHASE 2 WEAPON PROTOTYPE. Move away, please. Loki moves away from the switch. You like this? We started working on the prototype after you sent THE DESTROYER. Even I don't know what it does. Do you wanna find out? A LOUD GASP. AGENT COULSON IS IMPALED THROUGH THE HEART. THE Nooo! Loki sends Agent Coulson against the wall. Agent Coulson slumps down, breathing fast. Loki makes his way to the control switch. He gives his brother one last look. Thor looks at him, hopeful. Loki opens the HATCH. Thor still hopes. LOKI HITS THE BUTTON AND INT. LOWER EQUIPMENT ROOM, CARRIER ­ DAY Barton and Natasha continue attacking each other. Natasha her, but she grabs his arm, TWISTING it. BARTON WRITHES IN PAIN. Using his other arm, he tosses the knife over and begins to wrist. Barton lets go of the knife. Natasha WRAPS her legs around his neck, FLIPS him over and arm down, hard. He looks up her, almost coming to his real senses. Natasha... Natasha COLDCOCKS him. Barton is out. EXT. SKY Thor, trapped in the glass cage, BOUNCES off the JUMBLING cell pod. As it draws closer to land, Thor tries to swing at glass, but misses. Land draws closer. In a final attempt before crashing, Thor positions himself onto the glass door and LEAPFROGS just as the cage is about to hit the ground. The cell CRASHES into the shore as Thor crashes out into the meadow. INT. HELICARRIER DETENTION SECTION ­ DAY Loki has no remorse as he looks down. He closes the hatch and proceeds to leave. A WEAK VOICE. You're gonna lose.  Am I? It's in your nature. Your heroes are scattered, your floating fortress falls from the sky...where is my disadvantage? You lack conviction. I don't think I... So that's what it does. INT. HELICARRIER BRIDGE ­ DAY Back in the bridge, Fury sees on his VIEWSCREEN that the hatch has been open. Knowing Agent Coulson was sent there, he goes to. EXT. HELICARRIER PORT SIDE ­ DAY itself. Cap, I need the lever! I need a minute here! Lever. Now! Tony lets go of the rotors. They spin by themselves. Tony is then caught in one. He is now fucked. IRON MAN slips into the rotors, getting chewed up. EXT. HELICARRIER PORT SIDE ­ DAY railing. BARTON'S MAN opens fire once more. CAPTAIN AMERICA pulls himself up and finally PULLS the lever. A VENT opens up from Engine 3. IRON MAN falls out, but the suit heavily damaged, hardly keeping him up. IRON MAN heads for Cap. BARTON'S MAN turns his AIM to IRON MAN, who TACKLES him into the wall. IRON MAN rolls over, tired. Cap lets out a sigh of relief. The carrier that brought Barton and his team now leaves, taking Loki and his scepter. The carrier flies into the distance. INT. HELICARRIER DETENTION SECTION ­ DAY Fury runs in finding Agent Coulson still alive, barely. Sorry, boss. They got rabbited. Just stay awake. EYES ON ME! No. I'm clocked out here. Not an option. It's okay, boss. This was never going to work... if they didn't have something... to... Agent Coulson looks away. Sighs his last breath. Nick Fury looks on grimly at Coulson. The medical team arrives. INT. HELICARRIER BRIDGE ­ DAY Agent Coulson is down. Agent Hill is being treated for a gash on her head, listens on her headset, standing up. Paramedics are on their way. They're here. INT. HELICARRIER PORT SIDE ­ DAY Steve and Tony listen in as well. They called it. INT. HELICARRIER BRIDGE ­ LATER Fury gathers Tony and Steve back into the briefing room everyone there has a look as if in a daze. A look of numb shock is shown on their devastated faces. These were in Phil Coulson's jacket. Guess he never did get you to sign them. Fury throws Coulson's CAPTAIN AMERICA TRADING CARDS on the table towards Steve. Steve picks them up, STAINED WITH BLOOD. We're dead in the air up here. Our communications, location of the cube, Banner, Thor. I got nothing for you. Lost my one good eye. Maybe I had that coming.  Yes, we were going to build an arsenal with the Tesseract. I never put all my chips on that number though, because I was playing something even riskier. There was an idea, Stark knows this, called THE AVENGERS INITIATIVE. The idea was to bring together a group of remarkable people, see if they could become something more. See if they could work together when we needed them to, to fight the battles that we never could. Phil Coulson died still believing in that idea, in heroes. Tony gets up and walks off, not wanting to hear it anymore. Well, it's an old fashioned notion. EXT. MEADOW ­ DAY Thor walks out far into the meadow. He looks down. MJÖLNIR. INT. ABANDONED BUILDING ­ DAY Banner wakes up, in human form. He looks around and sees he is IN. AND IS COMPLETELY NAKED. A SECURITY GUARD stands there, amazed. You fell out of the sky.  Did I hurt anybody? There's nobody around here to get hurt. You did scare the hell out of some pigeons though. Lucky. Or just good aim. You were awake when you fell. You saw? The whole thing, right through the ceiling. Big and green and buck ass nude. Here... He throws Banner a pair of big pants. Banner pulls on his pants. I didn't think those would fit you until you shrunk down to a regular size fella. Thank you. A beat. Are you an alien? What? From outer space, an alien? No. Well then, son, you've got a condition. INT. HELICARRIER MEDICAL ROOM ­ DAY Barton is strapped down. Natasha watches over him as Barton tries to shake off Loki's mind control. Clint, you're gonna be alright. You know that? Is that what you know? I got...I gotta go in though. I gotta flush him out. We don't have that long, it's gonna take time. I don't understand. Have you ever had someone take your brain and play? Pull you out and send something else in? Do you know what it's like to be unmade? You know that I do. Why am I back? How did you get him out? Cognitive recalibration. I hit you really hard in the head. Thanks. RESTRAINTS) Tasha, how many agents? Don't. Don't do that to yourself, Clint. This is Loki. This is monsters and magic and nothing we were ever trained for. Loki, he got away? Yeah. I don't suppose you know where? I didn't need to know. I didn't ask. He's gonna make his play soon though. Today. We gotta stop him. Yeah? Who's we? I don't know. Whoever's left. Well, if I put an arrow in Loki's eyesocket, I'd sleep better I suppose. Now you sound like you. Natasha sits next to her partner and friend. But you don't. You're a spy, not a soldier. Now you want to wade into a war. Why? What did Loki do to you? He didn't, I just...  Natasha. I've been compromised. I got red in my ledger. I'd like to wipe it out. INT. HELICARRIER DETENTION SECTION ­ DAY Tony look at the empty cell container. He stands not saying a word. Steve walks in. Was he married? No. There was a uh...cellist, I think. I'm sorry. He seemed like a good man. He was an idiot. Why? For believing? For taking on Loki alone. He was doing his job. He was out of his league. He should have waited. He should have... Sometimes there isn't a way out, Tony.  Right. How did that work for him? Is this the first time you've lost a soldier?  to Fury's fife! Neither am I! He's got the same blood on his hands as Loki does. Right now we've got to put that aside and get this done. Now Loki needs a power source, if we can put together a list... WALL) He made it personal. That's not the point. That is the point. That's Loki's point. He hit us all right where we live. Why? To tear us apart. He had to conquer his greed, but he knows he has to take us out to win, right? That's what he wants. He wants to beat us and he wants to be seen doing it. He wants an audience. Right, I caught his act at Stuttengard. Yeah. That's just a preview, this is opening night. Loki's a full-tilt diva. He wants flowers, he wants parades, he wants a monument built in the skies with his name plastered...  Sonofabitch! EXT. STARK TOWER ­ DAY Selvig works around the CMS device that has already been set- upon the rooftop of Tony's tower. INT. HELICARRIER MEDICAL ROOM ­ DAY Steve walks in full uniform. Natasha looks at him, unprepared. Time to go. Go where? I'll tell you on the way. Can you fly one of those jets? Barton walks out of the restroom. Looks at Cap. I can. Steve looks at Natasha and she nods her head to confirm Barton's on their side. You got a suit? Yeah. Then suit up. - KRAKAKABOOM! A blinding BOLT OF LIGHTNING strikes down from above, colliding on MJÖLNIR. The explosion is massive. THE - CAPTAIN AMERICA pulls on his HELMET and SHIELD. - Tony WELDS his IRON MAN helmet. LIGHT slips down over IRON MAN's eye holes. - BLACK WIDOW attaches a GLOVE GAUNTLET with her rounds on her wrist. A BLUE LIGHT CHARGES. - HAWKEYE slips on his QUIVER of arrows. EXT/INT. QUINJET ­ DAY Cap, Widow and Hawkeye walk towards and into the QUINJET. A You are not authorized to be here... Son... just don't. INT. HELICARRIER BRIDGE ­ DAY Fury looks the window of the ship, contemplating. Agent Hill walks up to him, knowing. Sir. Agent Hill? Those cards, they were in Coulson's locker, not in his jacket. They needed the push.  A LOUD NOISE SCREECHES. Fury looks out to see IRON MAN flying off as well as the QUINJET. They found it. Get our communications back up, whatever you have to do. I want eyes on everything. Yes, sir. EXT. NEW YORK CITY SKYLINE - STARK TOWER ­ DAY device, holding the Tesseract. Sir, I took off the arc reactor. The device is already self-sustained. Shut it down, Dr. Selvig. It's too late! It can't stop now. He wants to show us something! A new universe. Okay. from his boosters SHATTERS with a deafening CRACK! Selvig falls backwards. DOWN BELOW, CITIZENS OF NEW YORK look up at STARK TOWER. IRON MAN stares in disbelief at the CMS ... unharmed. The barrier is pure energy. It's unbreachable. The Mark VII is not ready to be deployed. Skip the spinning rims. We're on the clock. him. LOKI looks up at him, smiling. They proceed to walk into the penthouse. INT. STARK PENTHOUSE ­ DAY Loki walks in, holding the scepter. Tony casually walks down the steps, towards the bar. Please tell me you're going to appeal to my humanity. Uh...actually, I'm planning to threaten you. You should have left your armor on for that. Yeah, it's seen a bit of mileage. You've got the blue stick of destiny. Would you like a drink? Stalling me won't change anything. No, no, no! Threatening. No drink? You sure? I'm having one. The CHITAURI are coming, nothing will change that. What have I to fear?  It's what we call ourselves, sort of like a team. `EARTH'S MIGHTIEST HEROES' type of thing. Yes, I've met them.  Yeah, takes us a while to get any traction, I'll give you that one. But, let's do a head count here. Your brother, the demi-God; a super soldier, a living legend who kind of lives up to the legend; a man with breath-taking anger management issues; a couple of master assassins, and you, big fella, you've managed to piss off every single one of them. That was the plan. Not a great plan. When they come, and they will, they'll come for you. From underneath the bar table, Tony pulls on COLANTOTTE BRACELETS, a honing device. I have an army. We have a HULK. I thought the beast had wandered off. You're missing the point. There's no throne, there is no version of this, where you come out on top. Maybe your army comes and maybe it's too much for us, but it's all on you. Because if we can't protect the Earth, you can be damned well sure we'll avenge it. raising the scepter) How will your friends have time for me,when they're so busy fighting you? Loki TAPS Tony on the chest with his scepter. PING! Nothing. Confused, Loki tires again. PING! NOTHING. It should work. Well, performance issues. You know? In anger, Loki GRABS Tony by the throat and FLINGS him across the room. Jarvis. Anytime now. Loki grabs Tony by the throat again. You will all fall before me. From behind Loki, an elevator opens and a RED POD SHOOTS out. The pod LASER SIGNALS the COLANTOTTE BRACELETS on Tony. The POD begins to TRANSFORM into the MARK VII suit. It LATCHES onto Tony. IRON MAN. The suit FLIES up before he hits the ground or the gazing people. Loki looks up, angry. And there's one other person you pissed off! His name was Phil. Loki raises the scepter. IRON MAN FIRES at Loki, sending him on his ass. EXT. STARK TOWER ­ DAY Selvig looks up at the sky. The Tesseract's energy BEAMS into the sky. The beam then forms a VORTEX, which then opens up EXT. VASTNESS OF SPACE A hole in space rips open, and from it, the CHITAURI ARMY SPILLS out in FLYING CHARIOTS, carrying ENERGY RIFLES with a bayonet on the end. Right. Army. miniature multiple rocket launcher, pops out and FIRES. Like the missile. It's useless. THOUSANDS OF CHITAURI FLY OUT. IRON MAN flies towards the city. EXT. MANHATTAN ­ DAY The CHITAURI UNLEASH. New Yorkers fill the streets, staring at the fire fight in the distance. BOOM!!! The CHITAURI unleashes BUILDINGS. FLAME AND STONE RAIN DOWN. A DOMINO-EFFECT OF EXT. STARK TOWER ­ DAY Loki walks onto the balcony as the SOUNDS of the CHITAURI rings out. He admires his soon to be kingdom. THOR LANDS ON THE TOWER. Loki turns to his ENEMY. Loki! Turn off the Tesseract or I'll destroy it! You can't. There is no stopping it. There is only the war! So be it. Loki and Thor rush at each other. They and their weapons collide. The two battle -- Loki unleashing another pent-up rage and jealousy, Thor having no choice but to defend himself. EXT. MANHATTAN ­ DAY They see from the sky, IRON MAN leading a trail of CHITAURI towards his tower. EXT. SKY ­ DAY The QUINJET BOOMS into the city. Stark, we're heading north east. What, did you stop for drive-thru? Swing up PARK, I'm gonna lay 'em out for you. EXT. STARK TOWER ­ DAY at it. IRON MAN SWOOPS down the street, causing a CHITAURI to crash. Flying up, IRON MAN puts the following CHITAURI in view of the QUINJET. BLACK WIDOW takes out machine gun and FIRES at the CHITAURI. Sir, we have more incoming. Fine. Let's keep them occupied. EXT. STARK TOWER ­ DAY Thor and Loki battle savagely. Loki fires ENERGY from the scepter, sending Thor sliding across the floor. INT. QUINJET ­ DAY Yeah. See them. Loki. Loki AIMS the scepter at the QUINJET and FIRES A BLAST OF ENERGY. Thor gets to his feet, TACKLING Loki down hard. of the jet. They SPIN and SLOW. DROPPING OUT OF THE AIR AS IT INT. QUINJET ­ DAY With everyone okay, HAWKEYE and BLACK WIDOW unfasten their seatbelts and open the ramp. CAPTAIN AMERICA runs down, followed by HAWKEYE and BLACK WIDOW. Each one has their respected weapons in hand. EXT. FOUR WAY STREET ­ DAY The TRIO arrives in the middle of a four-way street. Suddenly, the city LURCHES to a stop. A DEEP, PRIMAL RAGE BELLOWS OUT. With that roar, a SHADOW comes over them. EXT. VASTNESS OF SPACE From the portal, a FUCKING CHITAURI LEVIATHAN FLIES OUT! Carrying hundreds of SOLDIERS, the CHITAURI LEVIATHAN PASSES EXT. BRIDGE STREET ­ DAY They look up, out of their element. From both sides, CHITAURI buildings, sliding down. Some CRASH into these buildings and begin FIRING from their ENERGY RIFLES at innocent people. Stark, are you seeing this? I'm seeing, still working on believing. Where's Banner? Has he shown up yet? Banner? Just keep me posted. Jarvis, find me a soft spot. LEVIATHAN. EXT. STARK TOWER ­ DAY Thor holds down Loki's face straight ahead, forcing him to watch the city falling to ash. Look at this! Look around you! You think this madness will end with your rule?  It's too late. It's too late to stopit. No. We can. Together. Loki looks at his brother, showing a sign of hope. Then... Loki stabs Thor with a small knife. Thor keels over. Sentiment. Thor gets up, KICKS Loki and lifts him into the air. Thor then looks down. LOKI IS RIDING ON A FLYING CHARIOT. DOZENS of EXT. BRIDGE STREET ­ DAY The TRIO runs behind upside taxis. They look up and see Loki taking his band down the street and FIRES at the street IN A shoulders, coming straight at us. CAPTAIN AMERICA looks down the bridge. Those people need assistance down there. them. BLACK WIDOW pulls both pistols and FIRES. Turns to Cap. We got this. It's good. Go!  You think you can hold them off? Captain. a narrow is mechanically CHOSEN) It would be my genuine pleasure. seconds for CAPTAIN AMERICA as he falls down the bridge, followed by an EXPLOSION. Cap races over to the plaza, jumping over dozens of EXPLODING cars. THE FIRST AVENGER RUNS LIKE A FUCKING CHEETAH. to safety. He runs over to the jammed door and JERKILY opens it. People begin to run out. ranks of the CHITAURI, hitting his mark each time he shoots. Just like BUDAPEST all over again! You and I remember Budapest verydifferently. EXT. MANHATTAN ­ DAY The COPS continuously fire at the flying chariots. It's pretty pointless. A YOUNG COP runs over to his POLICE SERGEANT. We need to get out! They gotta bring the National Guard! National Guard? Does the army know what's happening here? Do we? ridiculous looking man. I need men in these buildings. There are people inside that can run into the line of fire. You take them through the basement or through the subway. You keep them off the streets. I need a perimeter as far back as 39th. Why the hell should I take orders from you? Suddenly, an EXPLOSION comes up from behind Cap. An ENERGY BLAST is blocked by his SHIELD. TWO CHITAURI SOLDIERS attack. The cops watch in shock as CAPTAIN AMERICA FIGHTS them off with ease. The Sergeant turns to his officer. I need men in those buildings, lead the people down and away from the streets. I need a perimeter as far back as 39th. EXT. SKY LINE ­ DAY LEVIATHAN. He pulls out his miniature multiple rocket launcher and FIRES. The CHITAURI LEVIATHAN ROARS in annoyance. The  We got his attention. What the hell is step two?! EXT. BRIDGE STREET ­ DAY throat. BLACK WIDOW gets her hands on an ENERGY RIFLE and until... Lightning strikes down from the sky, channeling the blast, firing the electricity out at the CHITAURI SOLDIERS around them. They're blasted back in a massive shockwave. The CHITAURI What's the story upstairs? The powers surrounding the cube is impenetrable. Thor is right. We gotta deal with these guys. How do we do this? As a team. I have unfinished business with Loki. Yeah, get in line. Save it. Loki's gonna keep this fight focused on us and that's what we need. Without him these things could run wild. We got Stark up top, he's gonna need us... Just then, BANNER ARRIVES ON A SMALL MOTORBIKE. Getting off, he looks around the city. So, this all seems horrible. I've seen worse. Sorry. No. We could use a little worse. Stark? We got him. Banner? Just like you said. Then tell him to suit up. I'm bringing the party to you. EXT. BRIDGE STREET ­ DAY The rest of the AVENGERS look up, getting ready and standing still. I... I don't see how that's a party... swoops down, BARRELING down the street like a FREIGHT TRAIN that keeps building and building its intensity.Banner looks behind. Cap looks at him. Banner begins to walk towards the monster. Dr. Banner. Now might be a really good time for you to get angry. That's my secret, Captain. I'm always angry. Banner's body starts to swell and stretch and harden. GREEN Aaaannndddd.........SSSMMMAAASSSHHH!!!! HULK POPS the CHITAURI to shoot. IRON MAN FIRES -- the rocket hits a SOFT SPOT ­ LARGE withdraw... SIZZLE as they hit the pavement. CAPTAIN AMERICA raises his SHIELD to block them. From above and on the buildings, the CHITAURI ARMY watches in horror as a group of EARTH'S MIGHTIEST HEROES FIND THEMSELVES EXT. SKY ­ DAY Loki watches below, motionless. Send the rest. EXT. VASTNESS OF SPACE From the portal, THOUSANDS MORE OF CHITAURI SOLDIERS AND EVEN EXT. BRIDGE STREET ­ DAY Guys. Call it, Cap. Alright, listen up. Until we can close that portal up there, we're gonna use containment. Barton, I want you on that roof, eyes on everything. Call out patterns and strays. Stark, you got the perimeter. Anything gets more than three blocks out, you turn it back or your turn it to ash. Wanna give me a lift? Right. Better clench up, LEGOLAS. Thor, you've gotta try and bottleneck that portal. Slow them down. You've got the lightning. Light the bastards up.  You and me, we stay here on the ground, keep the fighting here. And Hulk.SMASH. EXT. EMPIRE STATE BUILDING ­ DAY Thor grabs onto the tower. Raises MJÖLNIR and KRAKAKABOOM! A MJÖLNIR. THOR AIMS THIS MASSIVE SHOCKWAVE TOWARDS THE PORTAL. LEVIATHAN, WHICH THEN FUCKING EXPLODES. INT. HELICARRIER BRIDGE ­ DAY Back in the bridge, Fury sees on his VIEWSCREEN the destruction going on in NEW YORK. Agent Hill walks up to him. Sir. The council is on. EXT. ROOFTOP BUILDING ­ DAY Atop the rooftop, HAWKEYE fires ARROWS into the streaming flow of the CHITAURI RIDERS, hitting his mark each time. Hell, heeven Stark. You got a lot of strings sticking to your tail. Just try and keep them off the streets. Well, they can't bank worth a damn. Find a tight corner. I will roger that. HAWKEYE'S view, who fires arrow upon and arrow, EXPLODING the TUNNELS, THROUGH OPEN PARKING GARAGES. He looks back. None left. Nice call. What else you got? Well, Thor's taking on a squadron down on 6th. And he didn't invite me? EXT. OFFICE BUILDING - CONFERENCE ROOM ­ DAY We are looking INTO a conference room where office workers sit around a table. But the NOISE has caught one worker's eye, then another, and soon they are all rising, stepping to the window, mesmerized by what lies beyond. WORKERS' POVA CHITAURI LEVIATHAN SWIMS right in front of them. EXT. OFFICE BUILDING - CONFERENCE ROOM ­ DAY Suddenly, another NOISE catches the worker's attention. THE HULK LEVIATHAN. THE CHITAURI LEVIATHAN BEGINS TO HEAD DOWN, TRYING TO EXT. BRIDGE STREET ­ DAY throat. She grabs the ENERGY RIFLE, turns to attack. Cap stands there, holding his SHIELD. She slumps back, tired. Captain, none of this is gonna mean a damn thing if we don't close that portal. Our biggest guns couldn't touch it. Well, maybe it's not about guns. CHARIOTS) You wanna get up there, you're gonna need a ride. I got a ride. I could use a lift though. and angles his SHIELD. Are you sure about this? Yeah. It's gonna be fun. MOVE, USING HER FEET TO RUN UP THE CAR AND JUMPS UP ON CAP'S SHIELD, WHO GIVES HER A BOOST WITH THE SHIELD. SHE GRABS ONTO A one extended shot.] - BLACK WIDOW climbs onto the chariot and CUTS the turret shooter's linkage to it. She then JUMPS on the rider and STICKS her knives into his nervous system. She gets him to BANK over a building. - IRON MAN arrives and SHOOTS any other CHITAURI RIDERS following her. He makes his way down to CAPTAIN AMERICA, who fights off more CHITAURI SOLDIERS. IRON MAN points his HAND a REFLECTION BEAM and takes down nearby CHITAURI. - From above them, HAWKEYE sends down remaining arrows. He sends one across the street, taking down a CHITAURI RIDER following - Finally, we have THOR and HULK fight on top the back of the INT. HISTORY MUSEUM ­ DAY The CHITAURI LEVIATHAN CRASHES into a history museum. DEAD. THOR and HULK stand on the BACK of the CHITAURI LEVIATHAN after bringing it down. They stand still, admiring. HULK PUNCHES THOR EXT. STARK TOWER ­ DAY confused where he is. He looks up at the sky, amazed. EXT. BRIDGE STREET ­ DAY Several HUMVEES aim their MOUNTED .50 Cal guns into the sky, Captain, the bank on 42ndpast MADISON, they caught a lot of civilians there. I'm on it. INT. 42NDBANK ­ DAY Dozens of civilians are gathered in bank. Tension and uncertainty surround them. THREE CHITAURI SOLDIERS oversee them, pointing their weapons at them. One of them charges a BOMB. It BEEPS. at the CHITAURI BOMBER. The TWO CHITAURI SOLDIERS aim their rifles, but Cap heads for cover under a desk, which he KICKS at them. A CHITAURI SOLDIER attacks him from behind and RIPS OFF HIS HELMET. The bomb is beeping faster. Everyone! Clear out! just as the BOMB is about to GO OFF, CHITAURI BOMBER dives for, trying to stop it, but it GOES OFF, sending CAPTAIN AMERICA through the window, landing very hard on a car. The civilians look up from below. They're okay. EXT. OUTSIDE THE BANK ­ CONTINUOUS Cap gets off the car, looks around the city. Destroyed. The police and firemen arrive, pulling out those civilians he saved. A WAITRESS looks back, thankful. INT. HELICARRIER BRIDGE ­ DAY Back in the bridge, Fury sees on his VIEWSCREEN the WORLD Director Fury, the council has made a decision. I recognize the council has made a decision, but given that it's a stupid ass decision, I've elected to ignore it. Director, you're closer than any of oursubs, you scramble that jet... That is the island of Manhattan, Councilman. Until I'm certain my team can't hold it, I will not order a nuclear strike against a civilian population. If we don't hold them in the air, we lose everything. I send that bird out, we already have. Fury shuts off his viewscreen. EXT. MANHATTAN ­ DAY her side. She looks about, wondering whose ENERGY FIRE it was she looks behind. Oh. You. between buildings. They RACE MADLY, driving and dodging. EXT. ROOFTOP BUILDING ­ DAY Nat, what are you doing? Uh... a little help! at Loki, smiling. I've got him. FIRES. THE ARROW STREAKS DOWN THE CITY, STRAIGHT AT THE LOKI'S HEAD... SNATCH! LIKE A CAT, LOKI GRABS THE ARROW STRAIGHT OUT OF THE AIR...LOOKS STRAIGHT AT HAWKEYE, SMILING... BBOOOOMMM!!! THE ARROW EXPLODES IN LOKI'S FACE, CRASHING INTO the chariot, lands on top of STARK TOWER, rolling herself to the edge. EXT/INT. STARK PENTHOUSE ­ DAY As Loki looks up, shocked at what just happened, THE HULK IS attack. Loki ROLLS himself up in a flurry of broken glass, ENOUGH! YOU ARE, ALL OF YOU ARE BENEATH ME! I AM A GOD, YOU DULL CREATURE, AND I WILL NOT BE BULLIED... EXT. STARK TOWER ­ DAY weakened, looks at her desperately. The Tesseract's energy is firing towards the portal, gaining in strength, at the surge of energy moving through the sky. Doctor. Loki's scepter, the energy...the Tesseract can't fight. You can't protect against yourself. It's not your fault. You didn't know what you were doing. Well, actually I think I did. I built in a safety to cut the power source. Loki's scepter. It might be able to close the portal. And I'm looking right at it. EXT. MANHATTAN ­ DAY hammer. As Thor takes the reins, a CHITAURI LEVIATHAN crashes through a building, knocking him down to where Cap is, fighting off SOLDIERS. Sir, we will lose power before you cut through that shell. JARVIS. You ever hear the tale of Jonah? I wouldn't consider him a role model. wind is knocked out of him. He looks up with an overwhelming sigh as a SMALL BAND of CHITAURI SOLDIERS rush towards him, holding out their rifles. EXT. ROOFTOP BUILDING ­ DAY he knocks some CHITAURI SOLDIERS, before yanking his last arrow off the dead body a CHITAURI SOLDIERS. and CANNONBALLS in. EXT. MANHATTAN ­ DAY The HULK holds CHITAURI SOLDIERS by the face and SLAMS them down. More keep coming. HULK looks up. HUNDREDS OF RIDERS HOVER EXT. HELICARRIER DECK ­ DAY A lone pilot sits in his cockpit, listening. Override order, 7 ALPHA 11. 7 ALPHA 11 PILOT 7 ALPHA 11, confirmed. Prepare to takeoff. He ignites his engine. INT. HELICARRIER BRIDGE ­ DAY Back in the bridge, Agent Hill sees on her SCREEN 7 ALPHA 11 preparing to leave. Sir, we have a bird in motion! Anyone on the deck, we have a rogue bird! We need to shut it down! Repeat! Take off is not authorized! EXT. HELICARRIER DECK ­ DAY 7. He takes AIM and FIRES, HITTING the TAIL END of the jet. The jet SKIDS OFF towards the edge. PILOT UNHARMED. Suddenly, another 7 ALPHA 11 JET FLIES off. Fury stands there, knowing he can't do anything about it. Stark, you hearing me? We have a missile headed straight for the city. How long? Three minutes, at best. Stay low and wipe out the missile. EXT. MANHATTAN ­ DAY Jarvis, put everything we got into the thrusters! I just did. EXT. SKY ­ DAY 7 ALPHA 11 arrives outside the city. He flips the switch to press the button. He presses it. THE MISSILE IS FLYING OUT TO MANHATTAN. 7 ALPHA 11 Destination is in 2 minutes, 30 seconds mark. EXT. MANHATTAN ­ DAY throw their respected weapons. Thor catches MJÖLNIR, but as Cap turns, an ENERGY BLAST strikes him down hard. Thor runs over to a broken car, swings the hammer and flips the car over and over on its side, crushing a few CHITAURI SOLDIERS. Cap tries to get up. Thor helps him back to his feet. Cap raises his SHIELD back up. You ready for another bout? What? You gettin' sleepy? EXT. STARK TOWER ­ DAY Selvig, back in scientist mode, CLACKS away at his laptop. Henods. BLACK WIDOW grabs Loki's scepter, slowly breaks into the I can close it! Can anybody hear me? I can shut the portal down! EXT. MANHATTAN ­ DAY Do it! No, wait! Stark, these things are still coming! I got a nuke coming in, it's gonna blow in less than a minute. And I know just where to put it. EXT. SKY ­ DAY missile speeds on. IRON MAN grabs it from behind, gripping it tightly. With a mighty effort, he wrenches the rocket off its course. Steering it from behind, he accelerates quickly, flying straight up into sky, towards the portal. Stark, you know that's a one-way trip?  Save the rest for return, J. Sir. Shall I call Miss Potts? You might as well. INT. STARK JET ­ DAY PEPPER, along with her crew, watches on T.V., in horror, the destruction in NEW YORK. On the table, her cell is VIBRATING, with Tony's picture on it. INT. HELICARRIER BRIDGE ­ DAY Back in the bridge, every single agent holds their breath as they too watch IRON MAN fly up into the portal. EXT. SKY ­ DAY suddenly flings himself through the portal. Communications die. The suit begins to freeze. Tony looks in horror. INT. HELICARRIER BRIDGE ­ DAY Every single agent CHEERS. Fury smiles. He tries to communicate with Tony. NOTHING. EXT. SPACE We then see Tony's horror. AN ARMADA. The black sky is filled with what must be ninety ships in a vague cluster. Most of them hang still in the air. Some move swimmingly about. blackness as IRON MAN IDLY falls back down the portal's opening. The missile reaches the MAIN SHIP. The MAIN SHIP IMPLODES, causing the entire ARMADA to burst into a supernova, creating a spectacular heavenly display. EXT. MANHATTAN ­ DAY Suddenly, all of the CHITAURI SOLDIERS and CHITAURI LEVIATHANS through. EXT. STARK TOWER ­ DAY Still holding the scepter in hand, BLACK WIDOW shifts around, waiting. Come on, Stark... EXT. MANHATTAN ­ DAY Thor and Cap see the supernova coming towards them. Thor nods to Cap.  Close it. EXT. STARK TOWER ­ DAY Without hesitating, BLACK WIDOW pulls the scepter out, the A SMALL FIGURE is hurled backwards into the open now closed portal. IRON MAN. Plummeting to the earth. EXT. MANHATTAN ­ DAY  Son of a gun! EXT. MANHATTAN ­ DAY He's not slowing down. Thor swings Mjölnir around. Just as Thor flies up, THE HULK BUILDING. EXT. BRIDGE STREET ­ DAY not sure. Then... THE HULK YELLS IN FURY. THE NOISE STARTLES What the hell? What just happened? Please tell me nobody kissed me?  We won. Alright. Hey. Alright. Good job, guys. Let's just not come in tomorrow. Let's just take a day. Have you ever tried shawarma? There's a shawarma joint about two blocks from here. I don't know what it is, but I wanna try it.  We're not finished yet. A beat. And then shawarma after. INT. STARK PENTHOUSE ­ DAY Loki crawls onto the stair, looking like a piece of shit rag doll. He takes a few breathers, senses someone is behind him. He turns TO FIND THE AVENGERS STARING AT HIM, PISSED. If it's all the same to you. I'll have that drink. INT. SHIELD ANALYTICAL ROOM ­ DAY In TV news montage about THE AVENGERS, we see various reports of what happened. Some people agree that the avengers did good, protecting the city. Others believe it was their cause. Superheroes? In New York? Give me a break! These so called heroes have to be held responsible for the destruction done to the city. This was their fight. Where are they now? What? That this was somehow their fault? Captain America saved my life. Wherever he is, wherever any of them are, I just wanna say thank you. EXT. CENTRAL PARK ­ DAY The Avengers take Thor and Loki, who is handcuffed and muzzled, to a blocked area. Thor shakes hands with his team and gives Selvig a hug. Tony opens the Tesseract's case. Banner takes it out and places inside a glass tube, held by Thor. Thor gives Loki the other end, who reluctantly takes it. The Asgardians leap into the energy beam. GONE. Then, one-by-one, the group splinters off, strolling into different directions. Banner climbs in with Tony in his sportscar. Steve rides away in his Harley. Natasha and Clint climb back into SHIELD cars. They all part. For now. INT. SHIELD ANALYTICAL ROOM ­ DAY Fury is facing once more members of the WORLD SECURITY COUNCIL. Where are the Avengers? I'm not currently tracking their whereabouts. I'd say they've earned a leave of absence. And the Tesseract? The Tesseract is where it belongs: out of our reach. That's not your call. I didn't make it. I just didn't argue with the god that did. So you let him take it and the war criminal, Loki, who should be answering for his crimes? Oh, I think he will be. I don't think you understand what you've started. Letting the Avengers loose on this world. They're dangerous. They surely are. And the whole world knows it. Every world knows it. Was that the point of all this? A statement? A promise. Fury walks out, towards the bridge. INT. HELICARRIER BRIDGE ­ DAY Fury and Agent Hill walk together, toward the window looking out into the world. Sir, how does it work now? They've gone their separate ways, some pretty extremely far. We get into a situation like this again, what happens then? They'll come back. You really sure about that? I am. Why? Because we'll need them to. Agent Hill turns around. Fury looks out, smiling. INT. STARK PENTHOUSE ­ DAY away, and all that remains is a giant A. 