Written by Matthew Vaughn, Jane Goldman & Peter Straughan Breathe. We should never forget how young they were. My father, Stephan Gold, was the youngest Unit Commander in Mossad. David Peretz had his twenty-ninth birthday while on the mission. My mother was even younger. Only twenty-five. Despite their youth they'd had the courage to confront an unimaginable evil.... ...a man whose sadistic experiments left thousands disfigured or dead, who became known by a name which defiles the annals of medicine: The Surgeon of Birkenau. Their mission had been to return him to Israel to stand trial. Instead it ended with his death on the streets of East Berlin... But this was not what was celebrated. It was their youth itself that became a symbol. Here were the children who had faced Israel's greatest nightmare, her greatest pain... ...and in the simple act of facing the Monster, had helped to vanquish it. This book is dedicated to my inspiration. My mother, Rachel Singer. Mother, I'm so very proud to be your daughter. David Peretz? Yes. You were expecting me? Yes. I was expecting you. Would you come with me sir? Let's go. They cross a busy carriageway, and wait for a moment on the central reservation for a break in the traffic. Parked on the far side of the road, two identical cars, their windows tinted. The Agent moves to the leading car, opens the driver's door and gets in. David stops in the road, opens the rear passenger door and throws his jacket inside. He pauses for a moment and turns to look back at the second car. A MAN sits in the back of the car, silhouetted against the brightness outside. This is OLDER Stephan, now 63. He watches as David straightens up, hands on hips, squinting up at the sun.  Sorry. The Agent turns. What, sir?  I - I think I... He stands like that for a moment and then suddenly STEPS impact sweeps him out of the frame. The shocked Agent scrambles out of the vehicle as other cars screech to a halt in front of David's lifeless body. A celebratory dinner for the book launch is in progress - publishers, journalists, local dignitaries... When are you going to stop? Stop what? The smoking. Soon. I hope so. Do it for your grandson. Are you sure you have to go back home tomorrow? It's all arranged, I'm afraid... But we'll have breakfast before you go? I thought maybe we could take a walk on the beach? to sound casual) I'd like you to see more of him.  Well, I'll be back. We can...maybe in the holidays or... I've marked the place. I thought perhaps from chapter eleven...? ...Yes, thank you. If you'd rather read something else, mother..... No, that's fine. You must be very proud.  ...It's a wonderful achievement. I'm very proud of her. And I'm sure you were invaluable in the research.  Actually, my mother withstood all interrogation. My father was the talker.  I'm the only journalist in Israel she won't speak to. I thought he couldn't come.  So did I.  Please, sit, sit. My God, it must be election season. You came. I came. So you're the famous author I've heard so much about?  Rachel. Stephan.  Now you're the expert, maybe you could tell me something.  Who's this handsome devil on the cover? It went well? SARAH'S HUSBAND She was wonderful. That's good. Good, good. That's very good. I just want thank you all for coming to help us celebrate the launch of this wonderful book. I'm sure we're all particularly thrilled to have two of the heroes of this story at the table. And even more thrilled that one of them has agreed to read for us... Applause. She gestures to Rachel who stands, still looking at Stephan. The table quietens down. Rachel opens the book at the marked place and hesitates, only now realising what she is about to read. Then...  "On the evening of the 31st of December, it began to rain more heavily. So isolated had they become from the outside world that it was only when she looked out of the window that Rachel remembered it was New Year's Eve... Young Rachel stands in the small kitchen. Rain lashes on the window. She stares out at some FIREWORKS exploding nearby, then turns away and begins to gather three METAL We TRACK with her as she walks into the... And begins to place the pots on the floor to catch the rainwater which is dripping through various points in the ceiling. As she positions the last pot we REVOLVE around her to get our first view of the far wall. And there, tied to a radiator, is DIETER VOGEL, now 50. He's bound, his mouth taped, apparently asleep. Rachel doesn't, of course, react to this sight. Instead she begins to clear away some pieces of BROKEN GLASS BOWL from the floor. We TRACK with her as she walks back down the short hallway into the kitchen, drops the pieces of bowl into the bin. From the living room comes the three distinct PINGS of rainwater dripping in the pots. Vogel hurries along the walkway and sets off DOWN THE Rachel lies motionless. Then a cough. And another. And finally she rolls over, holding her gaping cheek with one hand, and drags herself towards the CHEST OF DRAWERS. Vogel runs down the spiral staircase. With difficulty, Rachel pulls out a GUN fitted with a silencer... and pulls herself towards the door. Vogel's dwindling figure as he nears the bottom of the stairs. Streaming blood from her face, Rachel heaves herself out of the apartment towards the railings guarding the walkway. We hear the clatter of Vogel's feet on the stairs below. She raises the gun to the railings, to take aim.... Bursting from the stairwell, Vogel starts to run across the courtyard towards the street. Rachel's aim follows Vogel's lunge for the gateway... RACHEL'S P.O.V There is a lurid flash of fireworks from nearby and for a moment we see Vogel lit, about to make it to the gate and disappear forever... Rachel FIRES. A single shot. And, improbably, incredibly, the tiny figure of Vogel drops. Rachel hangs over the banisters far above us, gun in hand, staring at us with disbelief. Rachel finishes reading and puts the book down. Nobody   moves. The air of bonhomie has been replaced by an uneasy   silence. Not knowing what else to do, one of the guests   begins to clap and the others hurriedly join in. Rachel   doesn't acknowledge the applause. Stephan is staring at her with a STRANGE INTENSITY. Stephan and Rachel sit in the back of the car. Behind a screen the young Mossad Agent we saw earlier sits in the front next to the Driver. Tel Aviv races by in neon smears. The air is charged with tension.  He's driving too fast. Stephan ignores her. She turns to the window, watches as they streak past another car. This is ridiculous. What's so important? Tell me where we're going? We're going to David's apartment. Rachel turns to him, startled. David...? I keep track of people Rachel. It's my job.  I know he came to see you yesterday.  What's this? The jealous ex- husband or the intelligence officer? A little of both. What did he want? Fuck you. What did he tell you? Something about his intensity unnerves her. He didn't tell me anything. his look) He didn't! He told me where he'd been travelling, that he'd been teaching... We spoke for a few minutes and then I had to go. Stephan is still staring at her, reading her.  If you don't believe me ask him yourself. And then he can't keep it from his face - and she knows. Something terrible has happened. Stephan sits in the middle of the squalid living room, lost in thought. Rachel walks slowly though the room, taking it all in - the little islands of occupation, the places where David sat, read, slept. Piles of newspapers. Used cups. A mound of laundry... some sign from the man she knew. But there's nothing personal here. These are the rooms of a man who had no real home. Rachel walks in and switches on the light. She stares around the dirty bathroom. ...turning to face us, the beautiful smile... ...as she begins to cry. Stephan sits listening to her breaking down. Rachel sits on the couch. Why did he do it? Stephan looks at her, considering. He takes out a sheet of PRINTED PAPER, hands it to her. She reads some of the first page, then looks up at him. And now we see it on her face too. Fear. The Mossad Agent sits on the stairs, smoking. As the door behind him opens he stands aside and watches Rachel SWEEP past him down the stairs, without giving him a glance. Rachel is packing, folding clothes neatly, precisely, silently - all the time a terrible tension in her movements. She tries to close a drawer but it sticks, She keeps trying, then in a sudden rush of fury yanks the drawer free and hurls it across the room. She stands breathing hard. The next day. Tables under umbrellas are ranged along the terrace. Sarah and her husband are on the beach below, playing with their son, laughing. As if feeling our gaze, she looks up at us, shielding her eyes against the sun. Rachel sits at a table with Stephan, watching her daughter. Stephan takes out an ENVELOPE and passes it to her. She opens it and examines the contents - an AIR-PLANE Stephan takes out a small BLACK CASE and slides it across the table towards her. She turns to look at it with disgust, KNOWING WHAT IT IS. Then she takes it and puts it in her handbag. My car's waiting outside. It can take you to the airport. Rachel turns back to stare at her daughter. Sarah, playing with her son, glances up once more at her mother on the patio. Rachel stands, an elegant woman at breakfast, her dark glasses, her suit...She raises a hand and waves. Puzzled, Sarah waves back, then watches as her mother begins to walk away from her. ...as she walks from the bright light of the patio into the relative darkness of the hotel lobby, suitcase in hand, face set, steely. We TRACK with her as she emerges from the shadow of the hotel back into the bright sunshine of the street and starts to walk along the sidewalk. After a moment a CAR purrs alongside. She ignores it for a moment, keeps on walking, the car cruising beside her. Finally, almost angrily, she stops and gets in. The YOUNG smoothly away. Rachel climbs from the car and walks towards the building, pulling her wheeled suitcase. The young agent has climbed out and moves swiftly ahead of her, waiting as she passes into the departure building. Rachel looks down at her passport. We see her PHOTOGRAPH and name - RACHEL SINGER. She hardly reacts as the agent ushers her to the front of the queue. An Officer takes her passport, and as he checks it, we see... ...the passport again. We're now looking at the black and white image of YOUNG RACHEL. The name beneath it is ELSA ROGET. The passport is slid back across the counter and we find ourselves in... Rachel takes her passport back from the BORDER GUARD and walks forward, past the barrier into EAST GERMANY. RACHEL'S P.O.V A CROWD of people are waiting beyond the check-point for their loved ones. They're all looking eagerly at us. Only one YOUNG MAN has his back to us, turning away to light a cigarette. Then he turns - Young David - a fine, sensitive face, darkly shadowed eyes. This is the SHOT we saw earlier. A moment when we see how anxious he is to play his part right. Then he smiles his beautiful smile... Supered TITLES read "East Berlin, 1965." Rachel walks up to him and after a fractional hesitation they embrace.  How was your trip?  Fine. Everyone sends their love. You've cut your hair. David takes her suitcase, and they begin to walk away, hand in hand, along the BERLIN WALL. Finally... I'm David. Rachel nods, embarrassed. Rachel. They have turned into another, quieter street. David lets go of her hand, and they walk on. A figure leans over the railing on the crumbling balcony at the top of the building, smoking a cigarette, watching. This is YOUNG STEPHAN. David and Rachel are coming through the iron gate into the run-down looking courtyard. A MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN - the building's only other occupant - watches the couple as the pass, David murmuring a greeting. A brief glimpse of the couple climbing the winding stairs - a view we have seen before. The place looks like a squat. piano, a cigarette in his mouth. He looks up as David and Rachel walk in and stand framed in the doorway, looking every inch the young married couple. Stephan looks at them for a beat, then starts to play the first few bars of Mendelssohn's wedding march. The other two blush furiously, not amused. Rachel takes her case from David. Where do I sleep? You're in my room. He waits just long enough to enjoy her reaction. I'm moving in with him.  You're at the end there. She nods and walks off. Stephan is smoking. David sits at the table. He is using a file to create a notch at the bottom of a thin strip of sprung steel. Both men can hear the BATH RUNNING in the bathroom, both very aware of this new female presence in the house they've been sharing together for the last month. What do you think of your new wife? David frowns at the steel strip, seeming preoccupied. Too young. Stephan watches him, amused. Pretty. David shrugs. You didn't notice. He begins to sort his possessions out. You know what I've noticed? You don't notice women. I've noticed that. How long have I known you?  I don't know. Two years. All the places we've been to. You don't look at women. Before I get into that bed, is there anything you have to tell me? David sighs, blows on the steel strip and holds it up for Stephan to examine. We hear the bathroom door open and there is a quick glimpse of Rachel wrapped in a towel as she slips past the door heading for her room. The two men watch her pass. Stephan turns and catches David's expression. Well, well...I think he just noticed. Rachel sits on her bed drying her hair. She stops, listening to the indistinct murmur of the men's voices from the room next door. Rachel leans towards the wall, trying to hear more but the voices fall silent. David, holding a kitchen knife, MOVES TO STAB Stephan. Stephan uses a krav magah move to disarm him. The knife clatters to the floor as he twists David's arm behind his back. Yes? Now an attack from behind. Where have you come from? Argentina. Really? Whereabouts? Cordoba. What were you doing there? My husband is an Industrial Chemist. He does look like a chemist. She's not going to fucking break, David. Move. What were you doing before this? Before Argentina we lived in Hungary where my husband studied... Stephan is smiling. She realizes he's talking about Mossad. Oh...Liaison. And what did you do in Liaison?  Translator. Stephan looks even more amused. So, first time in the field. Rachel feels herself blush a little angrily. Stephan grabs her from behind and Rachel executes a perfect break, twisting Stephen's arm. Stephan winces, surprised. Good. That's...good. David gives the slightest of smiles. Welcome to Metsada. Rachel lies in bed, restlessly playing with a locket around her neck. Giving up on trying to sleep, Rachel rises from the bed, throws on a robe and pads out of the room... ...and into the living room. She sits down at the table, stares at a FILE before her. She hesitates then opens it, forces herself to look at the terrible PHOTOGRAPHS inside - a pile of severed legs, bodies covered in mustard gas wounds, phosphorus burns, a naked woman, barely a skeleton, held up by two Nazi nurses, a row of DEAD BABIES, rulers laid beside them to indicate dimensions... Rachel stares at this last image, overwhelmed. David stands watching her through the half open door. He makes a small move - perhaps to go to her - then stops himself and slips back into the darkness. A tram trundles down the wide Berlin street. Rachel and David are walking to Vogel's surgery, holding hands. She's pale, very frightened. David walks, trying, and failing, to think of anything to say to her. He suddenly notices an odd sound. It's Rachel, humming tunelessly to herself, very low. Something about this pierces him. He gives her hand a squeeze. The two stand in the doorway, at the foot of the stairs leading into the clinic, their husband and wife routine.  I'll be waiting for you. She nods, trying to smile.  I won't...be long. They kiss. She turns to go, looking so young and lost... David hesitates, staring after her, then walks quickly away. Rachel walks up the steps towards the entrance. A large NOTICE BOARD covered with photographs of grateful smiling MOTHERS holding their NEWBORN BABIES - row upon row of new life. Rachel sits staring at the board. She turns her attention to the frosted glass door to the doctor's surgery. Indistinct shadows move on the other side. She turns to look at the other two women sitting looking through magazines, then back to the door. A shadow darkens as it approaches the glass, then the door opens and a NURSE leans out.  Frau Roget? With a smile, the Nurse gestures for Rachel to enter. Rachel stands behind a SCREEN, trying to control her nerves. All we can hear is the sound of RUNNING WATER and Rachel's tense breathing. Finally she takes off her skirt and unbuttons her blouse with trembling fingers. She puts on the gown, and slips out of her underpants, stumbling as she steps out of them. We TRACK with her as she walks out from behind the screen into the large brightly lit room. She walks towards the wall, behind a screen, someone stands washing their hands at a basin. As she walks, Rachel passes a tray of MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS, her glance lingering on it. She reaches the chair and climbs onto it. A pause and then, tentatively, she lifts her feet into the stirrups, tugging the gown to cover herself as best she can. She tries to steady her breathing, focussing on the ceiling. A bright LIGHT shines down on her. We hear footsteps approach. Rachel closes her eyes. Good morning, Frau Roget. I'm Doctor Bernhardt. Rachel opens her eyes. Vogel is sitting on a small stool, taking a speculum from the tray of instruments, his back to us. Good morning, doctor. He turns and smiles at us - and he has a wonderful, warm smile, the air of a gruff but kindly Uncle. Alright now, just relax. We're going to do a little examination. If you feel at all uncomfortable, you just say. Alright? Alright, this is my hand... and this is the speculum. It's going to feel cold. Can I ask how old you are? Twenty five. And how long have you and your husband been trying for a baby? Nearly two years. Uhuh. Well, the ovaries look fine. Alright, let's see... your cervix is slightly retroverted. Tilted backwards? Really? Mmm. But that generally shouldn't affect fertility. Oh, good. You have a slight accent, Frau Roget. Where are you from? Argentina. We just moved here... A few months ago. Whereabouts in Argentina? Buenos Aires? He looks up at her and Rachel instinctively moves her hand away from the locket. She finds herself nodding. Vogel looks away again. Rachel bites down on a wave of panic. Oh, Buenos Aires. Beautiful. I went once, when I was young. We went to the Opera house I remember. What's it called again? Rachel stares at the light. Beat. Teatro Colon. He turns back to her, holding a swab, the warm smile. That's right. Beautiful. This might sting a little, dear. Rachel winces. I'm sorry. Now, there's a couple of tests we need to run, make sure there are no problems. Is that alright? Rachel nods. He pats her hand. Brave girl. Rachel walks out and finds David waiting, smoking. He takes her hand and they walk off without speaking. The two turn the corner, out of sight of the clinic. David glances at her. She looks pale, shaken. He feels a wave of sudden tenderness for her, opens his mouth to say something then catches himself. walk on. Stephan sits at a table. Rachel and David appear beside him and join him. There is an awkward silence for a moment. Stephan sips his coffee.  So. Everything...?  Next appointment is on Wednesday. She looks at David but he is staring at the table. Like Stephan he is uncomfortable with the thought of what Rachel has been through. She takes his hand. He looks up, surprised, searches her face... But then Rachel lets go and walks off towards the toilets. David looks down at the SILVER LOCKET lying in his palm. Stephan walks down the street. A SMARTLY DRESSED MAN walks towards him, absently jingling his CAR KEYS in his hand. As he nears Stephan, the man fumbles the keys and they drop. Stephan dips down to pick them up and hands them back to the man with a smile. Vielen dank! Bitte sehr. The two continue on their way, and we follow the smartly dressed man, closing in on his hand, in which he now holds his keys AND THE LOCKET. We see him tuck it into his jacket pocket as he walks on. The FOOTBRIDGE which crosses over a closed RAILWAY STATION below. On either side of the bridge runs a barbed wire topped FENCE. A few PEDESTRIANS cross the bridge in the early evening gloom, intent on getting home. David and Stephan appear, walking over the bridge towards us. David's eyes flick to the tracks ahead and below as a Stephan begins to COUNT softly to himself as the train runs below his feet. One, two, three, four, five, six... It's a ghost station... A hand-drawn plan of a RAILWAY STATION is on the table. David indicates the tracks on the plan. West Berlin trains pass through East Berlin on this track, but don't stop. Usually. He raises a lighter to the cigarette in his mouth. As the train disappears into the gloom and Stephan slows to light his cigarette. Beside him David's eyes flick to the the gathering dusk. DAVID'S P.O.V - several BORDER GUARDS patrol the abandoned platform. The station's guarded at all times... We're TRACKING PAST the entrance to stairs leading down from the bridge onto the platform below. We see it's been sealed off with a locked gate. Another BORDER GUARD stands on the stairs below, staring up at us as we pass... David indicates the point on the plan. ...and the stairs to the platform are sealed off. The two men have walked on past the mid-point of the bridge. David glances at the far track. DAVID'S P.O.V - the track runs along the far side of the platform. On the other side of the track is a barbed-wire topped WIRE FENCE. Our train driver makes an unscheduled stop on the near track. The last two carriages will be around... Stephan indicates a point on the track. ...here. And they will be empty. Once that train has stopped, the guards won't be able to see this fence. And on the other side of the fence is... The two men are at the top of the stairs on the other side of the bridge now. Stephan glances to his right... STEPHEN'S P.O.V - TRACKING as we descend the stairs. We can see that on the other side of that high wire fence is a CAR ...a postal depot. We see that car park is lined with the yellow VANS of Deutsche Post. Several FEMALE POSTAL WORKERS in dark skirts and white blouses stand around the car park on their breaks, smoking and chatting. As we watch one of the vans trundles out of the OPEN FACTORY GATE. The vans come and go all day long. David rolls up the plan. We're just one more parcel. Once we're in West Berlin there'll be transport to Templehof airbase and a private charter. Stephan stubs out his cigarette. That's the wrapping. Now all we need is the present. Rachel realises both men are looking at her. Rachel runs the hem of a partially-made WHITE GARMENT through a SEWING MACHINE. She finishes and takes it over to where Stephan stands waiting. It's unfinished, but a fairly good approximation of a MEDIC'S WHITE COAT. Try this on. Stephan puts it on. She tugs at the coat, straightens the unfinished collar, runs her hands down the front to smooth it out.  How does it feel?  Nice. Rachel ignores this, begins to pin the cuff of one of the sleeves. Here you are, Mossad agent, all those years of training, the highest levels of marksmanship and krav magah, first big mission...sewing. Rachel resists a smile, brandishes the pin. Black belt in dressmaking. He holds up his hands in surrender. I never argue with an armed woman. Rachel and Stephan sit as David serves the dinner. Rachel examines her dish.  What is it?  It doesn't have a name. Stephan tastes his.  Shit. David lifts his spoon, blows on it.  Now it does. They laugh a little, settle into eating. David stares at his bowl, deciding whether or not to say something. Finally... It's my birthday. They look up at him in surprise. Tinny music plays. The place is almost empty. In the back of the bar the three sit in a corner drinking beer - just young people, laughing, a little drunk. They could be students. Rachel is reciting something from memory. Uh, at ten - study the Mishnah, at fifteen - study the Talmud. By eighteen - stand under the wedding canopy... We're too late for all of those. They laugh. Uh...twenty. In your twenties you are to "pursue your life's goals."  What are you pursuing Rachel? Rachel thinks about it, shrugs. I don't know. I'm waiting to find out.  Youth... What about you, grandfather? Have you got a goal?  Oh yes. We believe in goals in my family. We're very driven men. My father was Director of Collections by the time he was fifty. So what's your goal? Director of Collections by forty.  What about you David. What "life goal" are you pursuing? This is it. This is it? This is all you want? Seriously, what do you want out of life?  I want this. I want to get Vogel. I want him to be put on trial and I want the world to watch so everyone knows what he did. I want them all to know the truth. And...I want another drink. Forget about it. Forget about what? I've spent two years with him, and I don't know him. Nobody knows him. He's alone. Rachel thinks this over. What about family? Stephan stares at her. She realises what this means. All of them? All of them. He looks over at David standing at the bar. Maybe it's not always a blessing to survive. A tram passes, revealing Stephan walking across the scrubby, desolate park, jingling car keys in his hand. Suddenly he drops them. He's about to pick them up when a man dips down and hands them back to him. We recognize the moment. Vielen dank! Bitte sehr. Stephan walks on. In his hand he is now holding a small From Rachel's POV we are watching Vogel as he prepares his instruments. She has come for her second examination. This is my hand. This is the speculum. How did you find me?  What? Who told you about me? Who... told us? Were you referred by a doctor, or...? relief) Oh, Doctor Eisenberg. Ah-ha. How is the old Jew? Very good. Any history of infertility in your family Frau Roget? No. Are your periods irregular? Yes. Yes. I think we've found the problem. It's very common. Your ovarian follicles...well, inside you're still immature.  We need to help you with this. There's something we can use, a little injection. Do you want to proceed? Rachel nods, dumbly. Vogel nods, turns back to his tray of instruments, begins preparing an injection. Vogel turns back to her with the HYPODERMIC NEEDLE. Instinctively Rachel stiffens. He injects her.  How many brothers and sisters do you have?  None. An only child? Rachel nods. Vogel smiles, not unkindly. And yet you say there's no family history of fertility problems?  I lost my mother in the war. Vogel stares at her. Then, to her dismay, he TAKES HER HAND, and pats it with such a sad, sympathetic look, that she feels her eyes prick with tears. Then he lets go and turns back to the examination. Rachel comes out to find David waiting for her again. Once more he takes her hand and they walk off. As they turn into the quiet street, David lets go of her hand. Rachel stops. She looks shaken. David watches her. Are you alright? She nods. Suddenly Rachel takes his hand again. David stares straight ahead but he DOESN'T PULL FREE and they walk on like that. Rachel and David walk into the room and find Stephan waiting for them. Identity is confirmed. We have a green light. Rachel and David stare at him. We are looking at a yellow DEUTSCHE POST van. Stephan and David are walking towards it. Stephan stops by the van, shielding David as he drops the length of thin steel we saw him working on earlier, from his sleeve - an improvised SLIM JIM. With professional ease he slips the Jim between the window and the weather shield. In seconds he has the door open and the two climb in... Rachel comes out of the bathroom in her nightclothes, with her hair wet around her. She looks into the kitchen. David is sitting smoking. Rachel pauses in the doorway and then walks in. A small two bar electric fire provides the only light in the room. Rachel kneels down in front of it to dry her hair. David looks at her as Rachel spreads her hair around her shoulders. She looks very beautiful. She starts to comb her hair. On impulse, Rachel HOLDS OUT the comb to David. David takes it. He starts to comb, pulling it slowly through her hair. Then stops. The atmosphere is suddenly charged. It's a brave thing you're doing. I'm not brave. I'm terrified. But you're doing it anyway. Because you know how important it is. Another stroke and then he stops again, stares at the comb in his hand. You're very brave.  David... Rachel turns round and stares at him, overcome with longing. She leans in to KISS HIM. For a moment David hesitates, but then it's as if something inside him closes and he pulls back from Rachel, his face cold. Without a word he gets up and walks out. Rachel sits, crushed... Rachel, sits at the piano in her robe, picking out notes. She's been crying. Stephan stands watching her from the doorway, holding a drink - something slightly predatory about him. He crosses to her, sits down beside her and starts to match her notes. They work out a nonsense tune between them. David listens as they play. Rachel picks up Stephen's drink and takes a sip. It's whiskey. Defiantly Rachel drains the glass, grimaces a little. Stephan watches her. He continues to play, moving the melody up in octaves until his hand is beside hers, then covering hers. Rachel brushes him away. He puts his hand back and starts to caress her wrist. You're so beautiful... He begins to kiss her neck. Rachel stares ahead, pretending it isn't happening. Then she gives in, turning to him. Rachel stands at the mirror, dressing in a DARK SKIRT and feeling. Behind her Stephan lies in the bed watching her. Neither speaks. Rachel and David cross the courtyard to the gate. David holds it open for Rachel. As they turn into the street, David takes her hand. Both stare fixedly ahead, only too aware of what happened the night before. Rachel is in the chair for what she knows will - whatever happens - be the last time. Alright, this is my hand. And this is the speculum. Okay. Vogel begins the exam. From beneath her GOWN Rachel slips a You had intercourse last night?  Yes. Good. You're at the most fertile stage of your cycle. This is very good timing. He turns to his tray of implements. I think we are going to see results.  All you have to do is have faith. Ask any of my patients. What about your patients in Birkenau...? Help! He collapsed! My God! What happened?!  I don't know! I don't know! He just clutched his chest and collapsed!  I need an ambulance! Karl-Gustav- Strasse. The clinic. My husband has had a heart attack. Rachel reacts to this revelation.  Your name please? It's Frau Bernhardt, please, please hurry! Stephan kneels in a recess of the building, by the open HEADPHONES, alligator-clipped to two cables in the box.  The ambulance is already on the way, madam. Stephan un-clips the phones and pockets them. He straightens up, closes the junction box and walks calmly away, through a gate in the wall, into the next courtyard. As Stephan races up some steps, along a balcony, and into the building... with Stephan through the hallway, out of the door and onto the street.... An AMBULANCE, sirens wailing, starts out of the dispatch, and swings onto the street. Stephan rounds the corner of the street and walks TOWARDS opposite the entrance. Rachel finishing dressing, looks anxiously at the nurse as she crouches by her unconscious husband, monitoring his breathing. The AMBULANCE speeds on. Stephan pulls back some rusty doors. Parked in the small courtyard beyond is the van we saw before, now decorated with AMBULANCE DECALS and LIGHTS. David drives the car forward as Stephan climbs into the passenger side... Rachel paces outside the door, looking down the corridor. The nurse wipes away a tear, tense and frightened. particular) Oh god! Come on, come on! Hurry! A SIREN approaches and Rachel moves to the door... They're here. Stay with him. I'll go and get them... The nurse nods gratefully. ...a vehicle pulling up. Whether it's the real ambulance or the fake one, we're not sure. Rachel runs past the concerned patients in the waiting area to see... David and Stephan, coming up the stairs, holding a stretcher. Rachel leads them in. Stephan crouches down beside Vogel and takes his pulse. We need to take him to the hospital. He and David open up the stretcher and transfer Vogel to it with some efficiency. Oh God! He's going to be alright. Rachel and the nurse follow David and Stephan as they carry the stretcher out through the waiting room. We hear the siren of the real ambulance starting up not-so- very-far-away down the street as David and Stephan push the stretcher towards the doors. The nurse follows, but David stops her. I'm sorry, Madam, but you'll need to meet us at the hospital. But... I want to travel with him. Not possible I'm afraid. New regulations. We begin to register that the siren is growing louder with every second. As Stephan and David carry the stretcher down the stairs, Rachel takes the nurse's hand to detain her. Don't worry, he's in good hands now. He's going to be fine. Thank you...thank you. You should get your things, go to the hospital to meet him. The Nurse nods tearfully, starts to back towards her office, watching as they disappear. David closes the rear door of the van and the two jump in and drive off as Rachel comes out of the building. She begins to walk briskly away. Behind her, the real ambulance is pulling up at the clinic. She doesn't turn back. The DEUTSCHE POST VAN that David and Stephan stole earlier pulls out into the street. Behind it we catch a glimpse of the now abandoned ambulance. David quickly closes the gate and climbs in. Stephan draws up alongside Rachel and she climbs in as the door is opened for her. The winter evening is gathering outside. David and Rachel are in the back of the van. David has taken off the white coat. David checks his watch.  I know, I know. He accelerates. Rachel grabs hold of the back of the seat to avoid falling. She looks down at the stretcher - Vogel lies unconscious. One of his hands jolts free and drops onto her foot. Gingerly she steps free. The depot car park is dark - rows of postal vans parked up. An eerie silence. Through the high fence behind the vans we can make out the tracks and dimly lit STATION PLATFORM beyond - GUARDS patrolling in the little pools of light. As we watch a POSTAL WORKER comes out of the depot and walks through the carpark and out of the gate, his shift finished. P.O.V - THROUGH VAN WINDSCREEN We're watching the WORKER walk in front of us and leave the car park. In the dark of the back of the van, Rachel crouches, watching him leave. She turns back to where Stephan and David wait by the van doors, bolt cutters in their hands. On the floor of the van lies Vogel's unconscious form. They wait in absolute silence, listening to the fading footsteps of the worker. David checks his watch, holds up a single finger to Stephan. Moments later we hear the sound of an approaching TRAIN. Stephan raises a hand and counts them down - five, four, three, two, one... The two men open the van doors and run at a crouch to the base of the foot-bridge stanchion, as the train roars from the darkness and begins to pass them, screening the two men from the GUARDS ON THE PLATFORM. Rachel closes the rear door behind them and runs along the line of the fence to the other end of the yard and crouches down by a junction box, screened from the platform, standing watch. She looks over to Stephen and David in the shadows of the bridge stanchion. Again silence falls. Then faintly we hear another engine approach. Moments later another train begins to roar past. Instantly the two men rise from the shadows and begin to concentration.  One, two, three, four, five, six... Rachel checks the car park behind for workers. The train is almost past. The two men work feverishly, snipping through the remaining links, working their way towards each other - forming a four foot long split in the fence. They sprint for the stanchion again...  Twenty, twenty one, twenty two... As they dive for cover the last carriages of the train pass. A guard on the platform glances over but sees nothing but darkness and the vague outline of the postal vans beyond the fence. He continues walking down the platform. Rachel holds her breath, but nothing disturbs the new silence. Along the fence she can just make out the two men crouched in the shadows. Stephan raises his hand in an OK, signalling they're ready. Rachel suddenly hears FOOTSTEPS echoing in the car park. Through the window of a van, she can see a POSTAL WORKER emerging from the depot and crossing the car park. As she watches he takes out a cigarette, starts to light it but then stops. He is staring over at the footbridge, as if he can faintly make out those dark shapes at the base... He takes a few steps forward, puzzled. A little closer and he might really see something... Rachel looks to the PLATFORM - the two guards visible there are talking to each other, looking the other way. She takes her chance - moves up behind the parked vans... ..as he takes a few steps closer to where Stephan and David are crouched...  Do you have a light? The man turns and takes in this pretty postal worker, who has emerged BEHIND HIM. He smiles and walks back towards her. He lights her cigarette, studies her face. You new? First shift. The girls said it was okay to come out for a smoke.... David and Stephan lie listening to the murmured conversation. Yeah, it's okay. Are you working until midnight? Yes. After the late shift most of us go to the Vetter. Do you know it? David checks his watch again, nods at Stephan. We hear another APPROACHING TRAIN. ...smiling, pretending to be listening to the Worker. ...it's just on the corner. You should come along. She glances through the fence and down the track to where the train's LIGHT can be seen approaching in the gloom. This is it. The inert body of Vogel, lying on the floor. His hands, bound at the wrist, suddenly twitch involuntarily. The driver begins to BRAKE. The Border Guards watch in surprise as the train slows... As it passes them, the train screens Stephan and David from the platform. The two men rise and swiftly begin to cut the remaining section of fence. As the train comes to a halt the last carriages stop directly opposite them, empty and dark. They're almost there. In the distance, at the head of the train, the driver can be seen stepping down and gesturing to the guards, pointing up ahead. There's something on the tracks up here! The Guards peer doubtfully into the gloom ahead. One sets off to investigate. ...getting rid of the Worker. Well, maybe I'll see you there? I finish in half an hour. Why don't you go and get me a drink ready? The Worker can't believe his luck. Half an hour then. He starts to move towards the gate... Suddenly the VAN HORN BLARES, shattering the silence of the car park. Stephan and David turn back to the van. She turns, shocked. The Worker too turns back in surprise. Vogel, hands still tied has wormed his way over the seats and is pressing frantically on the HORN. He claws at the tape over his mouth, manages to pull it free. Stephan leaps into the van and is upon him in seconds. Vogel manages to give a HOARSE YELL, then Stephan uses a krav magah move to silence him. The remaining Border Guard is staring over at the darkened car park, trying to work out what he just heard. What was that...? David watches in dismay as a Guard comes into view at the far end of the platform, entering a GUARD HUT. He lifts a  Fuck. He heads for the van at a crouching run. Rachel indicates the vans closest to them. I think it came from over here? No, it was one of those... He steps past her, peering at the shadowy vans ahead. Rachel stares at him wondering if she can take him down silently. Stay where you are! She turns to see two BORDER GUARDS approaching the side gate of the car park. ...as the Border Guard comes back from checking the lines ahead. There's nothing there. Get moving now! His part of the mission completed, the Driver climbs back into his cab. ...as one of the Guards approaches her, pistol drawn. The second guard fans past, walking slowly towards the bridge. The first guard SHINES A TORCH into Rachel's face. What are you doing here? I work here. I'm on a break. Show me your papers, both of you. The Worker nervously fumbles for his papers, passes them to the Guard who inspects them. David watches Rachel offer her papers to the Guard as the train starts to rumble back into life. He moves back towards the van.  We have to go! David stares over at Rachel. Stephan grabs Vogel. We can make it. Help me with him...  You can go. The Worker gratefully hurries away. Rachel is watching tensely as the Second Guard closes on the van... Stephan watches the train pulling away, THEIR LAST CHANCE. He has pulled Vogel's body to the door.  We're going! Now! David shakes his head. Not without her. He moves up the blind side of the van... The Second Guard takes a few more steps and stops in surprise- the OPENING in the fence VISIBLE NOW.  Hey! Over here! David appears behind him and downs him, fast. A Guard on the platform has turned to see the opening in the fence, and yells out. As the Guard beside her turns his attention to his comrade, Rachel grabs the guard's gun hand, sweeping it away from her, at the same time stepping in close and punching the guard's throat with her other hand. As he staggers back choking, she twists the gun free. Another guard hits an ALARM. A SIREN begins to sound... About to head back to the van. A shot rings out and a to see a GUARD has appeared up on the bridge, rifle aimed at her. Other Guards open FIRE, jumping down onto the tracks and advancing towards the cut fence. Acting on instinct, Rachel returns fire with the pistol, and takes cover behind the wall... Stephan has jumped into the driver's seat and starts the engine. David scrambles into the back, barely making it before Stephan is peeling out, the back door hanging open... ...as more guards appear at the side-gate behind her - she's caught between them now. She watches in dismay as the van heads for the exit. Suddenly it brakes... Stephan throws the gear into reverse.. and the van begins to reverse with a scream of tyres towards Rachel. The Guards at the side-gate open fire on the van hurtling towards them, bullets pocking the rear doors. The side door is flung open and Rachel dives in, just as Stephan roars forward again. P.O.V - THROUGH WINDSCREEN The Guard from the bridge has run down the stairs and is now between us and the exit. As we watch he raises his rifle... Down! The three duck as the Guard fires, punching a neat hole in the windscreen. Seconds later the van thuds into him, sending him flying. ...as it roars out of the depot gates, bullets flying past it... STEPHAN'S P.O.V On the road ahead a Border Guard Jeep appears, driving directly towards them. Stephan has no choice - he floors it. At the last second the jeep tries to pull right but the van catches its rear side and barrels straight through, the jeep spinning off and smashing into the wall. Stephan fights to keep the van under control, screeches into a turn and off down the road. Is he dead?  Is he dead? Who? The Guard! The one who saw your face! Is he dead? No. Stephen's grim silence says everything. He glances back at the unconscious Vogel lying between the other two. How did he come round? How the fuck did he come round? You gave him the full injection? Rachel hesitates. Did you give him the... I don't know! I thought I... Jesus Christ! Stephan can't believe it's all fallen apart so quickly. We could have gone! It's not over. We could have fucking...! We still have him. Stephan glares at David but doesn't say anything. The van roars on. Rachel sits on the floor looking towards the living room, staring at something. RACHEL'S P.O.V ...three POTS have been placed under drips from the ceiling inside the room. We hear the three distinct notes of the water drops. Rachel stares dully at the water dripping, feeling exhausted and numb. A key scrapes and Rachel turns to the door as Stephan and David walk in, hair soaked from the rain.  What did he say? Stephan stalks past, ignoring her. You made contact? David nods. David looks after Stephan who's walked on into the living room in grim silence. What did he say? It's going to take time. They need to open up a new route, they need to find political help. Maybe the Americans. Two weeks... maybe three. Rachel reacts with dismay. Rachel moves after David towards the living room. The camera continues after her. We work four shifts guarding him. We feed him at the end of each shift. We never leave him alone.  And you're compromised. You don't leave the fucking house. We can do this. We just need to stay focussed. The three turn to stare at something off-screen. The camera continues into the room to find Vogel's body slumped on the floor, bound to the radiator, mouth taped, slumped, unconscious. We continue towards him...closing on his face...CLOSER...Then his eyes open and he looks at us... Rachel's EYES OPEN and she lies in bed listening to the muffled sound of Vogel CURSING and YELLING in German next door - a breakfast ritual that has been going on for days.  .....Fucking assholes! Fucking pig shit food! Fuck you! Fuck you! Fuck... David and Stephan are wrestling with an enraged Vogel, trying to feed him. A BOWL clatters to the floor. Vogel's shouts are muffled as his mouth is taped again. He continues to swear at his captors as best he can through his gag. Rachel tries to block out the sound with her blanket. Rachel walks in and finds a flushed David wiping oatmeal off his trousers, the empty bowl on the bench beside him.  At this rate he's going to starve himself to death before we can get him back. Rachel sits in the armchair near the end of her shift, watching Vogel who is slumped asleep. He looks dishevelled, the oatmeal he refused to eat smeared down his chin. She can't delay the moment anymore. She takes a bowl of prepared oatmeal from the table beside her and walks towards Vogel, stirring the bowl with an unsteady hand. She kneels down in front of him. In the silence, we hear rain falling heavily outside. Vogel wakes, stays slumped, staring at her with dull eyes. She takes the napkin that was covering the bowl and wipes the food from his chin. Finally she removes the tape from his mouth. Vogel watches her without moving. She offers him a spoon of oatmeal, waiting for the sudden yelling and abuse. He says nothing, just opens his mouth obediently. Rachel feeds him a spoonful of oatmeal. He speaks to Rachel in German, subtitled. My wife. Rachel ignores him, feeds him another spoonful. Is she hurt? Another spoonful, and another. Is she alright? An ALARM CLOCK on the table, rings - the end of her shift. She wipes his mouth, tears some tape from the roll. Vogel closes his eyes, a look of such genuine suffering it stops Rachel. Please? Tell me she's alright. Rachel puts the tape over his mouth and stands. David walks in and takes his place in the ARMCHAIR facing Vogel. Rachel begins to leave. She looks back at Vogel who is staring after her, eyes pleading. She hesitates then gives a small nod and turns to walk out of the room, passing Stephan who has been standing in the doorway, watching her. Rachel starts to wash the oatmeal bowl. Stephan follows her in. You can't talk to him. I didn't say anything. You can't listen to him. I know. I just...  I'm not angry - He rubs her back. Rachel stiffens a little. - I'm just telling you - we don't talk to him. We don't listen to him. He isn't there. He isn't a human being. He... He stops himself. We have a date. Ten days time. The Americans are going to help. Rachel looks at him, relieved. Good. He smiles, stares at her, moves a little closer but Rachel has already side-stepped him and walked away. Stephan sits on the armchair in front of Vogel, taking the Vogel thrashes around on the floor as best he can, David holding him down. Stephan tries to force oatmeal into him. He spits it back out. Rachel is cleaning, trying to keep busy, trying to keep the encroaching decay of the kitchen at bay, scrubbing and scrubbing. An exhausted David, finishing his shift, walks out of the living room as Stephan walks out of his bedroom to take his place. Rachel walks out of the bathroom and into her bedroom, for a moment the three criss-crossing each other's paths. Rachel's bedroom door closes. Both men avoid looking at each other as they pass it. Stephan and David are carrying a struggling, cursing Vogel towards the bathroom. Before they can get there Vogel pisses himself, the urine puddling on the floor at their feet. Fuck! Stephan drops Vogel in disgust jumping back out of the way. Vogel lies in the pool, staring up at him, eyes triumphant. Vogel leans against the wall, staring blankly at the window, sunk into a profound depression. He looks filthy, jaw dark with beard growth. Rachel watches him from the doorway. Rachel is washing Vogel's face with a towel. He pays no attention, continuing to stare out of the window. Rachel picks up a bowl of shaving cream, strips the tape off VOGEL's mouth, and begins to brush the cream over his face. She produces a RAZOR and carefully begins to shave his cheeks. She stops suddenly, a TEAR is running down Vogel's cheek, cutting a line through the soap. He turns his eyes to her. Why don't you just kill me now? Rachel pauses for a moment. How can you keep me waiting to die like this! Rachel keeps on shaving. I know what you want. You want to hand me over to the others, let there be some fucking sham of a trial. Then, when they kill me, you can tell yourself that there was no blood on your hands. Rachel switches to the other cheek. Vogel's getting more animated, tears in his eyes, a kind of bizarre indignation... But that isn't true. There will be blood on your hands.  You will be my murderer! You fucking hypocrite. You fucking... Rachel tilts his chin up a little and puts the razor to his throat. He falls silent, tenses, waiting. Then...  Yes. Do it. You want to do it... Rachel finishes with a trembling hand. Vogel slumps back against the wall, the tension in his body easing away. He gives her a long, calculating look. And as we watch some CHANGE seems to come over him, some new fire beginning to kindle in him - a sense of cold contempt for Rachel and with it, perhaps, a fresh determination to survive this. That's right. I'd forgotten. You Jews never knew how to kill. Only how to die. Rachel wipes the razor clean on the towel, SLAPS fresh tape onto Vogel's mouth and gets up. Rachel is cleaning the kitchen again, clearing some of the mess of dishes into the sink. She moves a dirty pan which has been left overnight and stops, staring at the COCKROACH which is crawling inside. A sudden wave of NAUSEA hits her. Rachel crouches at the toilet, vomiting. She finishes, rinses her mouth, looks at her pale reflection. She opens the door and steps out... Vogel stands DIRECTLY IN FRONT OF HER. Rachel stands frozen - a split second of total panic. Then Stephan steps into sight behind Vogel, gun in hand - the morning bathroom visit. Rachel flattens herself against the hall wall, quickly wiping her mouth dry, as Stephan pushes Vogel past her towards the bathroom. Stephan is walking back home. A POLICE CAR SIREN wails somewhere nearby and Stephan hurriedly cuts into an alley, waiting in the shadows until the siren has faded away. Then he hurries on his way. Rachel uncovers the dish of prepared oatmeal and kneels down beside a sleeping Vogel. She removes the tape. Vogel wakes, breathes out, watches her. After a moment... I was dreaming about my wife. She feeds him some more. One of the great regrets of my life is that we were unable to have children. My wife would have made a wonderful mother. Vogel watches her, then suddenly SPEAKS IN ENGLISH... It's a great blessing. Rachel stares at him. You should try lemons. For the morning sickness. Rachel can't move. They say it helps. Rachel struggles to hold it together, feeds him another spoonful. What's your name?  Sarah? Hannah?...Rachel? Esther?  You Jews stay close to your roots, don't you? It's a good thing. Very good. Rachel spoons in another mouthful. I loved the bible as a child. Retribution. Higher justice. Rachel shovels in another mouthful. He chews it thoughtfully, examines her face. Yes. I understand you perfectly.  You weren't lying at the clinic when you told me about your mother were you? About her death? Rachel loads the spoon with more oatmeal, determined not to show any emotion. I'm very sorry for your loss. It almost takes her breath away. She tears the tape and puts it over his mouth, gets up and walks away, determined not to show him any emotion. Vogel watches her go. Rachel makes it out into the hallway before she feels the tears running down her face. She gives in to them, turns and finds David behind her. What happened? What's the matter? She can't speak at first. Nothing. He...nothing. She wipes her face. He can understand us. What? He can understand every word we're saying. He just spoke to me. It's alright. It's alright. It's nearly over.  Why didn't you go? At the station. You could have got away. Why didn't you? What did they say? Stephan? It's not happening. What the fuck does that mean? The Americans have pulled out.  Has he been fed? So...so what does that mean? Oh God... Did you feed him? What does that mean? What's the plan now?  We just need to get him to the airfield, there must be some other way, some... I said has he...?  I'm asking you...  I'm talking to her! Supposedly it's her shift now, but instead of doing what she's supposed to be doing she's out here with you!  Now answer the fucking question: Did you feed him? YES! I fed him!  There's no plan. There's no fucking plan. They said the operation is being "re- evaluated." You know what that means? They're going to cut us loose. It's a fucking mess and they're backing away from it quickly as they can.  No. It's happening. I can feel it. They can't just leave us! Yes they can! Because we fucked it all up! We fucked it all up and now we're on our own! Were you followed? Could you have been...? Stephan? Stephan! What are you doing? If it's them, he dies. Move. You're not doing this. He's not getting away from me. This isn't the mission. I decide what the mission is! If I say he dies, he dies. We're finishing this mission. We're taking him back. Get out of the way! Rachel. Rachel!  It was the lady from the bottom apartment. She invited us to her New Year's Eve party. As the piano music plays we see David and Stephan practise krav magah moves - careful, controlled, but under it all an edge of real tension between them. Vogel is tied in his usual place. Stephan sits in a dangerous mood. He's playing the piano. A lyrical rendering of Deutschland Uber Alles. Vogel is watching him. As the music continues the two men's workout grows more intense - the punches and blocks build in speed, faster and faster, both men breathing hard with the exertion, neither willing to stop, a real violence simmering under the surface. Stephan knows he's watched and avoids Vogel's gaze until he can stand it no longer and looks... David is the first to break through the blocks - his fist stopping inches from Stephen's face. The two men freeze, staring at each other, breathing hard. The music crashes to a halt. Stephan is staring at Vogel. He begins to play the anthem more discordantly, hitting the keys more violently, as if the music is possessing him. Then suddenly he stops, stands up and walks away from the keyboard. Stares at Vogel. Vogel is very aware of the sudden change in atmosphere, a sense of impending violence. Stephan doesn't move. The moment hangs. David is taking over the shift from Stephan. They pass each other in the doorway without a word. David stops, staring... Vogel lies in his usual place. A SACK has been placed over his head, hooding him. The effect is deeply sinister. Stephan sits eating with Rachel. David walks in and throws the SACK on the table. Stephan glances at it, continues eating. What are you doing? It's your shift.  Did you know about this? About what?  His mouth's taped. You want him to suffocate? I was sick of seeing his face. Go back in. Don't do that again. Stephan gets up and walks calmly towards David as if shooing him back out the room. You don't give orders David. It's your shift now so you can go back in there... He has his hands on David's chest, gently pushing him back. David takes his hold of the hands, pulling them free and suddenly there's a flurry of violent movement as Stephan yanks his arms free of David and the two men shove at each other. Stop it! They stop, breathing hard. We're not animals. Just remember what we are. Remember what we're not. He walks back out. Stephan sits back at the table, starts eating again. He glances at Rachel, but she won't look at him. After a moment she gets up and walks out. David looks up from his chair to see in the hallway. Something purposeful in her manner alerts him. David appears in time to see Rachel is putting on her overcoat. What are you doing? Rachel doesn't look at him. I have to get out.  Rachel... Rachel tries to unbolt the door. David bars her. Rachel tries to talk calmly but she's fighting panic. Get out of my way, please. I'm just going to go out for a few minutes. That's all I want to do. Stephan walks out of the kitchen, taking in the scene. She wants to go out.  No one will see me. Tell him, David. I just want to walk. I just want to get some...air. Please. Stephan shakes his head. Rachel tries to unlock the door, but David has hold of it. She struggles against him. Don't be stupid. He takes her arm. Rachel jerks free. Then she slumps against the door, her back to them. She's crying brokenly. A beat as the two men stand over her, not attempting to comfort her any further. Stephan turns and walks away. David leans his head against the door, waiting for her to stop. It's raining heavily outside and water is dripping through the cracks in the ceiling. David kneels next to VOGEL with a bowl of oatmeal and strips the tape from his mouth. Thank you. David. David doesn't react. Vogel hums a tune to himself in between spoonfuls, watching David, his mood strange. David and Stephan and Rachel... He gives a soft laugh, finding something amusing in the sound of the names. If I had a choice I'd prefer Rachel to feed me. So gentle...in another life, the makings of a Nurse, I think...in another life... David continues to feed, careful to appear immune to Vogel. How is she today? You should let her get more rest. It's a dangerous time, the first month or two of the pregnancy.  You didn't know? You're not the father then? I thought it would be you. I thought...I don't know. The way you look at her. The way she looks at you... Women can be like that, they like to make you dance first, I remember.  So, she chose the other one...? That must be hard, watching them together, right in front of you. And you not saying a word. Like the Poet says - "Great souls suffer in silence." I wouldn't have taken Stephan as a family man. Too ambitious, too...? Whereas you? David, I see you with children...  Shut up. I am expressing my sympathy. For your suffering. What does a monster like you know about suffering? I'm a doctor, David. A doctor. You blind children trying to change the colour of their eyes. You inject people with petrol. You...you replace people's hands and legs and you watch as they... This isn't medicine. This is disease. This is sickness. So we were all insane? Is that the answer?  There's no answer. I'm not looking for an answer. I'm not looking for... You're trembling. It's strange. Here I am - the victim, kidnapped, bound, soon to be murdered, but I think you are the one that is afraid, David.  Afraid of the monster.  Boo. Yes. Do you know why it was easy to exterminate you people? Your weakness. I saw it. Every day I saw it. Every one of them, thinking only of how to avoid being flogged, or kicked, or killed. Only thinking of themselves. Why do you think it only took four soldiers to lead a thousand people to the gas chambers? Entire families? Because not one, out of thousands, had the courage to resist, the courage to be the first to fall. Not one would sacrifice himself. Even when we took their children from them. I knew then that you people had no right to live, no right to... Out. We're going out. He begins to drag him out. Stephan nods in the direction of VOGEL.  Are you going to be alright? Rachel nods. As she hears the door close, she turns to stare at Vogel. He's barely conscious, his face smeared with blood. Rachel drenches a cloth under the tap. Rachel cleans the blood from VOGEL's face. He has his eyes closed.  Thank you... She tears off a new strip of tape and places it over VOGEL's mouth, gently. She notices the rain leaking in through the ceiling and walks off towards the kitchen. We hold on Vogel, apparently sleeping. Then his tied hand reaches out, straining and manages to reach one of the SHARDS of broken bowl. Rachel gathers three METAL SAUCEPANS. She stops for a moment looking at FIREWORKS flashing in the sky. She remembers - it's New Years Eve. We TRACK with her as she walks into the living room and begins to place the pots on the floor to catch the rainwater which is dripping through various points in the ceiling. As he uses the shard to saw through his ropes. Rachel rolls with the force of the kick and comes to a rest, losing consciousness. RACHEL'S P.O.V - LOW ANGLE - Fluttering in and out of darkness - Vogel's feet as he stands beside us, breathing hard. Then he turns and hurries to the front door...and out. Vogel hurries along the walkway and sets off down the spiral staircase of the apartment building. Rachel lies motionless. We wait for her to cough as we saw her do before. But she doesn't. She just continues to lie still. Below us Vogel clatters on down the stairs, flight after flight. No movement from Rachel. Vogel clears the stairs and bursts into the courtyard. There is a lurid flash of fireworks from nearby and for a moment we see Vogel lit, as he passes the point where earlier we saw him drop to the ground. He reaches the gate and goes through, his shadow disappearing on the pavement. He's gone. Rachel holds a blood-soaked tea towel to her cheek, trying to staunch the flow. David sits, staring ahead, in shock. Stephan bursts in, out of breath. Nothing. Not a trace. Nothing at all. He might go to the house, might try and get a message to the wife...  He's not going back to the house. He's gone. Fifteen years, it took them to find him. And he's gone. And no-one's going to find him again. So we what? We...are you going to make the phone call? Are you going to tell them how he got a fucking piece of broken bowl? Wonderful. But don't try and take me down with you. I've done nothing wrong. Remember that!  This can't happen! This is never going to go away. I take responsibility. It was my shift.  This happened because of me. I let him go. And no-one's ever going to find him again. No-one's ever going to find him again.  What if he didn't escape? What are you talking about? Only four people know what happened in this room. Us, and him. And he's not talking. No one will ever hear from him again. means) No. Nobody needs to know what happened here. He escaped. That's the truth. But that doesn't have to be the truth we take home. The truth can be anything we want it to be. The truth is Vogel tried to escape, you struggled with him and got hurt. The truth is, seconds before he got away, Rachel got the gun and shot him. The truth is we got rid of him.... got rid of the body... got rid of every trace of the Surgeon of Birkenau. We can't lie about this! No, you know what? We have to. We have to! This is...this isn't about us. This is about Israel. This is a national humiliation! We can't be seen to fail. And in the end, Vogel rots away his life in some jungle, looking over his shoulder, waiting for the bullet...? Who's to say...? Maybe that's a worse fate. Maybe that's...The important thing is justice... justice is seen to be done! He's gone. What does it matter? He's gone.  He's right. It makes no difference. No difference. All we have to agree is that we never talk about this. No matter what happens, we never tell anyone. The truth stays in this room. Between us. Agreed?  Agreed? Say it.  I need to hear you say it!  Say it. Say... Agreed. David...? Rachel? Say it. It's an oath. Say it.  ...vier, drei, zwei, ein! But just before the expected barrage of fireworks we... The young Mossad Agent stands smoking outside David's door. This is the scene we saw earlier. From within we can hear indistinct shouting. Rachel is holding the PRINTED SHEET - the point at which we left this scene earlier.  How could this happen? You said he would never speak! You said he'd never... We don't know it's him. Oh God! Oh God! If you read it... He's alive! He's in the Ukraine! What else is there to read? This is a little internet story. reading)..."a psychiatric patient claiming to be the Surgeon of Birkenau..." Some crazy old man. No-one is paying this any attention. Yet. elsewhere) How did you find it? David comes back after all this time, I want to know why. I had his apartment searched. This was on his computer... Rachel stares at him. He didn't say anything to you last night..? Rachel..? No!  Why would he do this..? Because he couldn't handle it. I told him we had to deal with it and he couldn't handle it. He thought it was all going to come out and he panicked...  Deal with it?  What does that mean? Deal with it? What did you tell him to do?  I told him to find Vogel. I told him to finish it.  Did you know he'd been ill? Did you...? You knew, didn't you? You killed him. YOU killed him! You knew he wasn't strong enough...  about David! David took the coward's way out! You could have left it alone! It's an old man in a hospital! You said - nobody will believe it! No-one will notice! There's a journalist. A Ukrainian. He's heard about it and he's going to interview Vogel.  Then it all comes apart.  We don't have the name of the hospital. You have to find out where he is. Rachel stares at him. What are you talking about? David's taken himself out of the equation.  I can't do it. You're the only one left. Are you insane? We can't... I'm not...Look at me! I'm not capable of...This is insane. I can't do this.  You have to, Rachel. Because for thirty years you've been taking the credit for it. carefully) And there's Sarah. It's as if he's struck her. Beat. I won't do this. She walks out. And into the stairwell. As before, the Mossad agent stands to let her pass, and watches as she sweeps down the stairs. The scene we saw earlier. Rachel is packing, folding clothes neatly, precisely, silently - but all the time there's a terrible tension about her movements. She tries to close a drawer but it sticks, She keeps trying, then in a sudden rush of fury yanks the drawer free and hurls it across the room. She stands breathing hard. Then something we didn't see - her gaze settles on a photograph beside her table - SARAH holding her son, smiling at us. Rachel stares at the photograph, her breathing slowing. Stephan sits amongst the remains of a meal. Sarah and her husband are on the beach below, playing with their son. Stephan watches them. He senses a presence and turns to find Rachel behind him. She sits down, stares down at the beach through her dark glasses. Stephan watches, almost holding his breath, working through lightning calculations of how to handle her. But Rachel is the first to speak.  I always knew this would happen. I knew we'd be punished. I knew we'd have to pay.  I thought I'd already been punished. God doesn't plant car bombs. I wasn't referring to the wheelchair. They look at each other. If I could go back, Rachel, I'd change it all. If I could give you back a chance to be happy, to be... But there's one thing I would never change.  She isn't going to find out. She can never find out. My car's waiting outside. It can take you to the airport. Go down to her. Say goodbye to her. How can I?  How can I? Sarah stands, shading her eyes, watching the small figure of her mother walking away from her. A tram wipes through the frame to reveal Rachel walking across a busy street towards the stark facade of an imposing 1960's building. A TITLE reads:   Kiev, Ukraine The public area of the building - a main reception desk, a little cafe, a sweeping staircase leading up to the floor above... Rachel is at the reception desk... Rachel crosses to a TABAC KIOSK, glancing back to some glass doors behind her. A sign indicates the offices of the UKRAINIAN EVENING NEWS. We can see a RECEPTIONIST at her desk. A young man walks through the entrance, and she throws a knowing glance up at him as he passes. Rachel takes in the ALARM PAD beside the receptionist. Owner) Cigarettes please. Rachel sits, silhouetted against the large window. Rachel opens her pack and lights a cigarette. A WAITER approaches.  What can I get you? Just a coffee. She stares out at the stream of people passing in and out of the building... Late sixties. Young Rachel, Stephan and David are giving a talk to a group of young Israeli soldiers. This is a well- rehearsed routine, something they have probably done many times. At that moment, I don't think I was thinking about myself at all. I was thinking about my mother. I was thinking about how she had suffered in Europe. The FACES of the soldiers, moved by this. One raises a hand. The same question to Mr. Peretz. The others look at David, waiting for him to make his usual response. But David doesn't move. Stephan looks along the row. David sits staring straight ahead. The silence GROWS. And we realize he's NOT GOING TO ANSWER. The house is cold, white, aggressively modern. Rachel sits in her underwear, drunk, a bottle and glass of wine on her dressing table. Stephan is dressing behind her.  Fuck him. He examines his reflection in the mirror. Fuck him. A DOORBELL rings downstairs. He walks out to answer it, taking the wine bottle from her as he goes. Hurry up. Rachel finishes her glass, starts to apply some eye makeup. She senses something and turns to find YOUNG SARAH  watching her from the doorway. She stares back at her dully. Go to bed, Sarah. A cocktail party in progress - Stephan is mingling with the guests - Mossad high-fliers, Military, politicians. She             * watches him handle them - just the right mix of deference and charm. Rachel stands against a wall, drunk, watching him as he laughs sycophantically at something one of the politicians has said. He crosses over to an attractive BLONDE WOMAN and greets her. As Rachel watches he runs a hand down the woman's back - an unmistakably INTIMATE gesture. Rachel watches - depressed by how little this makes her feel. She begins to mix herself another drink, sees someone across the room, and her face changes... He's standing alone drinking, nervous. Rachel appears               * beside him.                                                         * My own party and you're the only                    * friend I have...                                    * ... all Stephen's friends.                          * Stephen's girlfriends. And what kind of a friend are                       * you? I call you last night and...                   * * I thought the silence was for the                   * audience, I didn't know you'd                       * really lost your voice.                             * Why do you call me?                                 * What?                                               * You call me, at night, when                         * you're drunk. Why do you call me?                   * What are you...?                                    * Do you want us to fuck around                       * behind his back? Like he fucks                      * around behind yours? Is that what                   * you want?                                           * I want a friend                                     * I don't want to be your friend.                    *  I'm leaving.                                * Good. I don't know why you                         * bothered coming if your just                       * going to...                                        *                                  * Come with me.                                      * Where...whare are you going?                       * It doesn't matter. Away from                       * Israel, away from this...poison.                   * I can't stand what it is doing to                  * us. Come with me. We'll go to                      * Spain. Or Italy... We can save                     * ourselves.                                         * This is such a beautiful                            * photograph, Rachel. You look like                   * a pair of Angels.                                   *  Thank you.                                          *                            * Isn't it lovely?                                    *                                       * You know you have to excuse us,                     * ... we must catch                      * Michael...                                          *                               * ...before he leaves, you                            * remember...?                                        * You can't do this to me now. We                     * had our chance. We said we would                    * live with it. This is me living                     * with it.                                            * I'm in love with you, Rachel. I                     * want my life back so I can live                     * it with you. Come with me.                          * You can start again. You don't                      * have a child. You don't have                        * anyone.                                             * I thought I did.                                   *                                          * Why can't we be happy?                             *                               * Because we did a terrible thing..                        * He nods, finally, and lets go of her hand. Beat. Then he           * turns and walks away from her through the crowd to the             * door, and is gone.                                                 * She moves to follow him, then stops.                               * Rachel turns and finds STEPHAN standing against the wall,          * waiting. They stare at each other.                                 *                                                * There you are.                                           * He leads her back towards the party.                               * Rachel sits, still smoking, though it's dark outside now. There is a sound of chatter from above her and she looks up to see JOURNALISTS spilling out from the offices above, coming down the stairs towards her. Rachel eases a PHOTOCOPIED SHEET from her bag and examines it... A photocopy of a JOURNALIST'S BY-LINE - a long, rather mournful face, the name YURI TITOV. She checks the face, slips the sheet back in the bag, looks up, studying the men descending towards her. Moments later she has found him - chatting to a colleague. He reaches the ground floor and walking past her, goes to the bar for a coffee. Rachel finds herself staring at him -   the man WHO COULD Yuri seems to sense someone watching him and looks to where Rachel was sitting. But there's no-one there. The PRETTY RECEPTIONIST stands chatting to her BOYFRIEND, a young journalist. He is holding her coat for. She starts to put it on and the Boyfriend gives a brief bark and play-bites at her neck. She laughs, pushing him away. Rachel hurries in.  Am I late? I'm sorry.... Can I place an advertisement?  100 grivna for twenty words. 5 grivna a word after that. Rachel proffers an envelope. Here... The girl takes it. Thanks. Rachel fishes in her bag and hands over a 100 GRIVNA NOTE. This should cover it. The girl drops the envelope onto her desk, and slips the money into a small DESKTOP DRAWER UNIT, as Rachel leaves. Rachel pauses outside the doors, zipping her bag, watching the receptionist tap a code into the alarm key-pad before letting herself and the Boyfriend out. She locks the door after them and the two walk past Rachel who smiles a goodbye. She watches them go. The place is dark now, eerily lit by the street lights outside. An ELDERLY SECURITY GUARD trudges past, whistling softly. We're looking through the glass doors to the shadowy mezzanine level beyond. A DARK FIGURE stands silhouetted at the door. We hear the scrape of tools working on the lock. There is a click, the doors open and Rachel slips inside. The alarm begins to BEEP. Rachel takes out a TORCH. A quick twist and the beam becomes ULTRAVIOLET. As Rachel moves swiftly towards the alarm box, the beam from the torch sweeps across the girl's desk, and we see Rachel's envelope glowing a deep PURPLE. We may also notice that the desktop drawer unit where the girl placed the money is smudged with purple FINGERPRINTS. Rachel opens the alarm box and shines her beam onto the keypad. We see four PURPLE FINGERPRINTS, one deeply pigmented, the other three progressively less so. Rachel takes a deep breath and punches the four marked keys in what she hopes is the correct order. The alarm falls silent. She moves quickly out of the lobby, down the corridor... ...and into the main press room. Using her torch on its regular setting, Rachel scours the desks for information. On one desk is a photograph of the journalist we just met - the desk's FILING UNIT and begins to rifle through the files. Presently, she finds an OLD PICTURE OF VOGEL. He wears SS uniform, the same shot we have seen before. Behind it, a stack of SCRIBBLED NOTES. She begins to scan them. The Receptionist and her drunk BOYFRIEND stand at the doors to the newspaper office, trying to open them. It takes them a moment, as - unaware that it was unlocked - the girl has accidentally locked it. Her boyfriend tussles with her playfully, keen for her to let him try instead, but she swats him away, turns the key again and finally they're in. Rachel, unaware, is still reading through the notes. She takes out paper and pen and copies down the information she needs. The receptionist stands by the alarm box, drunk and confused, as the Boyfriend, impatient and equally drunk, comes up close behind her and reaches round to clumsily unbutton her coat.  That's weird. The coat undone, the Boyfriend reaches round and snakes his hands up inside her sweater. She ignores him. I set the alarm. What? The alarm's not on. Who gives a shit? He moves his hands from her breasts to grab her around the waist and pull her away from the alarm box. Rachel is still at the desk reading. Suddenly the main Boyfriend stagger into sight. Rachel stands frozen, COMPLETELY VISIBLE. The girl and boyfriend stand kissing, too engrossed in each other to see the woman standing only ten feet from them. The Receptionist pulls free, laughing, makes it back to the entrance and switches the lights off, plunging the room into darkness. Rachel moves behind a column. Laughing softly, the Boyfriend leads the girl over to a desk. He opens a drawer, searches through it, triumphantly produces a PETTY CASH TIN. The loot! He starts to take some cash from the box.  You can't! I'll put in an i-o-u... He scribbles on a piece of paper. "Andrei borrowed money to take Katia to Club Oxygen." He drops the note in the tin. You're going to get fired. He kisses her. You're worth it. You're going to get me fired!  I'm worth it. They kiss again, slowly backing up against the desk Rachel was searching. The two struggle with their clothes. Rachel has no way of reaching the door. She closes her eyes as the young couple begin to have sex on the desk. Then she opens her eyes and notices something... RACHEL'S P.O.V - CLOSE on her TORCH which is still on the desk. The Boyfriend seems to be staring RIGHT AT IT. What are you doing? I'm tidying up. Are you working? Are you at work now?  No, I'm not working. So leave them. Shaking, Rachel picks up her torch and replaces the items she is still holding from Yuri's file into the filing cabinet. From OS, we hear the BEEP BEEP BEEP of the alarm being reset. Rachel's heart sinks. OS, we hear office doors close, and the KEY TURNING in the lock. Rachel's eyes alight on A MOTION SENSOR, blinking in the corner of the room. She waits. And eventually - no choice - she runs for the door. The motion sensor lights up and the alarm strikes up loudly with a warning BEEP-BEEP-BEEP. Frantic, Rachel dashes to the alarm box, the insistent beep- beep-beep even louder here. Rachel runs for the door, yanks it open and bolts out. Moments later, the alarm CLANGS into action. Rachel bursts out of a fire exit, the siren blaring and disappears into the night. Rachel's car drives off down the road. Rachel has pulled over and is on her cell-phone to Stephan. He's at the BABENKO Hospital. Stephan is alone, working at his computer. He taps in the name, searches, clicks on the link to a map. It's outside Vinnycja. About a hundred and fifty miles south- west of you. What name is he going under? Rachel checks her notes. Ivan Schevchuk. He's the right age. When is he supposed to interview him? Tomorrow. There's silence from the other end. Both know what this means. This will be over soon. And when it is... Rachel hangs up. A car drives through the wintry landscape. A forest of fir trees pass as she drives. Rachel's mind is elsewhere. The car drifts to the wrong side, then swerves as she corrects. What were you thinking at that moment? The night before David's suicide. Projected on a screen behind is an image of the young Rachel, Stephan and David. The audience consists of mainly female students, hands raised. Did you think you were going to die? Rachel seems to consider this carefully, although we know by now that this is a question she's been asked thousands of times and has a carefully rehearsed answer to. I'll tell you something. At that moment, when I was on the floor, I wasn't thinking about myself at all. I was thinking about my mother. And what she had suffered in Europe. I think that was what gave me the strength to get up again. The audience listen, moved. Rachel looks out and then Well, I'm sure you'll all join me in thanking Ms Singer... As the audience applaud enthusiastically Rachel smiles, trying to regain her composure but her eyes are drawn back to David, standing in the shadows, watching her intently. The place is empty now, only David and Rachel sitting in            * the seats.                                                          * David looks like a man who's been up on speed for too long,         * eyes strangely bright in his exhausted face.                        * Neither of them seems to be able to bridge the divide               * You look well.                                            * Rachel ignores this.   She's waiting for an explanation.            * Does Stephan know you're here?                            * I expect so.  I read about                 * him. How is he?                                  *                                      * The same. Different. Resigned to                 * life at a desk. He likes to play                 * the tragic hero...                               * Things became...very bad between                 * us. We try to stay civil for                     * Sarah.                                           * Have you met anyone else?                        * No. Thank you for asking. There                  * was someone...but he left. And I                 * never heard from him again.                      *                                  * What are you doing here, David?                  * I wrote you letters.                             * Pity you didn't send any of them                 * Rachel...                                        *                                 * What is it? Thirty years...?                     * I wanted to see you...                           *                                 * All that time...Not a single                     * word?                                            * Don't go.                                        * I was ill for a while, Rachel.                     *                                        * I spent some time in ... in a                      * kind of hospital                                   * Where?                                             * Mexico                                             * What were you doing in Mexico?                     * Different jobs. Some teaching.                     * Whatever I could get.                              * I travelled a lot. The States.                     * Most of South America. North                       * Africa.... I kept moving                           *                                          * Looking for him                                    * Who..?                                             * Why?                                               *                                          * What would you have done if you                    * had found him..?                                   * I would have told the truth. I                     * would have gone to the newspaper,                  * and said "this is the Surgeon of                   * Birkenau." I could have finally                    * seen him face trial.                               * And what would have happened to                    * us?                                                * 101A. We'd be free. Whatever happened                   * to us, it seemed to me we'd be                    * free.                                             * Don't you agree? Aren't you tired                 * of lying? Isn't that what you                     * would have done - if you'd found                  * him?                                              * But it isn't just us.  It's                 * Sarah...                                          * She hasn't done anything wrong.                   *                                    * No.                                               * If the truth had come out she                     * would be destroyed.                         * So...no, I wouldn't have told the                 * truth.                                            *                                  * But you never found him                           * No I never did.                                   * Ms Singer?                                        *                                     * Yes. Thank you...                                 * RACHEL                          * There's a car for me....on her coat) Did you hear about                   * Sarah's book...?                                  * 101B. The launch is tomorrow. Perhaps                   * you could come? I don't know if                   * Stephan will be there or not,                     * but...                                            *                                     * If we could go back... if I'd                     * waited for you...if you'd                         * come...would it have been                         * different...?                                     * We can't go back. A beat.                                                            * I'm sorry.                                               * Come tomorrow. We'll talk then?                          * David gives a smile that might be an assent. Or might not.         * Rachel nods, walks quickly out of the auditorium. David            * sits as the light banks above switch off one at a time,            * watches the line of shadow moving towards him.                     * A car roars past and is gone, revealing Rachel standing amongst the trees beside her car, a cigarette forgotten in her hand, absorbing what it was David was asking her. Finally she drops the cigarette and climbs back into her car. ...driving, lost in thought. She drives into some grounds... RACHEL'S P.O.V THROUGH WINDSCREEN The BABENKO HOSPITAL - a huge, imposing building stands in wintry grounds. A long drive leads up to the car park and the entrance. Rachel stares up at the building as she drives towards it. The large lobby area, vast pillars. A few stairs lead up from this to a waiting area, separated from the corridors beyond by BARS AND LOCKED GATES. Rachel approaches a young male REGISTRAR at RECEPTION.  Good morning. I'm here to visit Mr. Schevchuk? The man squints at her, checks his register an squints at her again. You're from the newspaper? Because I have a man's name here... Oh, no, no. I'm Mr Schevchuk's niece. Anna Barova. I've been before, do you remember? A moment's scrutiny, then a shrug. Well, our visiting hours haven't changed, I'm afraid. Eleven till one. He points to a PLAQUE that reads: Sarah glances at her watch. It's 10.25. Take a seat? He points to a waiting area. Rachel walks up the few stairs past a large PILLAR and takes a seat, trying to think of her next step. She glances to her left, through the bars, and sees an OLD far end of the corridor. A DOCTOR appears and leads the Old Woman away, still staring. Rachel looks away, unnerved. Someone has just walked in and is talking to the Receptionist. Rachel's view is obscured by the pillar and she leans slightly to see who it is. RACHEL'S P.O.V - YURI stands showing his press card to the Registrar. The Registrar passes the press card back. Mr. Schevchuk is in room 414. Visiting time starts at eleven o'clock. You can take a seat over there. Yuri walks across the lobby, towards where Rachel is waiting, but as he clears the pillar we see her seat is EMPTY. ...Rachel waits for Yuri to pass and then slips back out of the lobby. Rachel emerges - panicking. Time is almost up. What can she do? Rachel's car is speeding down a narrow road that runs behind the hospital. Two stone arches frame the road, where the building meets the hillside. RACHEL'S P.O.V - high fences - the forbidding facade of the hospital - rows of barred windows. Rachel is scanning the building, looking for some way in. Suddenly we pass a central arched entrance. A man is opening large double METAL DOORS for A LAUNDRY VAN to leave the hospital. It takes Rachel a few moments to register it. Then she BRAKES. The LAUNDRY VAN is driving through the doors. It stops, engine idling, and the DRIVER begins to climb down to close the doors after him. Before he clears the side of the truck, Rachel slips into the darkness. The DRIVER, oblivious, reaches the doors and begins to swing them shut... Rachel runs up the staircase from the service area of the hospital. Long and bleak with rows of BARRED DOORS. Rachel runs on. Yuri is writing in a notebook. The clock says: 10:50. Rachel reaches a junction - the vast, white corridors stretching away from her in different directions, like a nightmarish maze. She stares about her, picks a corridor and begins to run again. Rachel reaches a MAP on the wall and scans it, frantically trying to locate the room she needs. She hurries on to an ancient looking ELEVATOR and gets in, jabs at the fourth floor button. With a groan of its motor the elevator begins to rise. RACHEL'S P.O.V - TRACKING past rows of NUMBERED DOORS. Finally we reach it - ROOM 414. Rachel stares at the door. Rachel sits in a CUBICLE. She takes the BLACK CASE from her handbag and opens it. Inside is a pen. She lifts this and the false bottom of the case away to reveal a HYPODERMIC hands she begins to prepare the injection. She can't quite believe what she is about to do. Rachel enters the room. The curtains are drawn and Rachel hesitates for a moment, her eyes adjusting to the gloom. A MAN sits in a chair, angled towards the window, his back to us. An IV drip hangs on a stand, its tube running into a cannula on the back of a withered hand which hangs from the chair. The only sound is the faint, rasping breath of the man. Rachel moves a little closer. On the bottom of the bed hangs a medical chart. The name reads Ivan Schevchuk. Rachel moves closer, carefully taking the HYPODERMIC NEEDLE from her pocket. A NURSE is unlocking the gate at the waiting area for Yuri. He walks through them and over to the ELEVATOR. Rachel stands by the IV drip and tube. She can inject directly into the tube - and it will be over. She holds the tube, rests the tip of the needle against it. She struggles with herself. Just one tiny push... She can't do it. She stands frozen for a moment then slowly lowers the needle. Beside her, the steady breathing alters. The Man stirs and a cadaverous face half turns towards us. Rachel and Schevchuk stare at each other. The face is ancient, lined...but IT ISN'T THE FACE OF VOGEL.  Are you the journalist?  Do you know who I am?  No. No, I don't. My name is Dieter Vogel. I am the Surgeon of Birkenau.  Have you heard of me? Yes. I've heard of you. Schevchuk looks at his withered hands.  I have killed thousands. You can take my photograph. The last photograph of the Surgeon of Birkenau? He struggles to raise his arm in the Nazi salute, a pathetic sick man. Rachel sits down at Schevchuk's desk, feeling suddenly exhausted. Yuri stands in the elevator waiting for the doors to close. Hold the doors please. Yuri holds the doors, as the Nurse approaches, escorting an pace. Yuri watches, amused. We CLOSE on Rachel, lost in thought. Beside her Schevchuk rambles on. ...It comes down to blood. We weren't afraid of power. It was our destiny. The slave races had bred with apes. But we Aryans are descendants of the Theozoa who come from another planet. We were born to rule and to... He dissolves into a fit of weak coughing. Rachel stares at a NOTEPAD AND PEN on the desk beside her. Yuri walks towards Schevchuk's room. He pays no attention to Rachel as he passes her, sitting on a bench, dialling her cell phone. She listens to the other end ring. Stephan is talking to a couple of OFFICIALS. His cell phone rings.  Yes?  It isn't him. Stephan nods, a fixed smile on his face, covers the mouthpiece.  A family matter... Would you give me a moment? The two OFFICIALS leave the office, closing the door behind them. Stephan takes a a beat to calm his breathing.  You're sure? It isn't him. It's over. Thank God. Thank God. This is wonderful. This is...and you're okay? Rachel? You're alright, yes? Rachel stares at the wall. Silence. Rachel? You were wrong. Well, thank God I was, but... About David. You were wrong about him. ...smiling and gesturing "one minute" to the two officials on the other side of the glass partition. About David? He didn't kill himself because he was afraid the story would come out. This gets Stephan's attention. When he came to see me, he was asking me for something. What? My permission. And I didn't give it. I wouldn't let him tell the truth and he was tired of living with the lie. 109A. ...mind whirring. He can sense something. Truth is a luxury, Rachel. Some people have to put other things first - their country, their people...their children... Struggling not to cry. Sarah's so proud of you, Rachel. You have to think about her.  I want her to be proud of me. Stephan is desperate to talk her down from the ledge.  Of course you do. I want to do something to make her proud of me. Rachel...? Rachel...? People have to know the truth, Stephan. David was right. Listen to me... Goodbye. Rachel, listen to me...! She hangs up. ...listening to the dial tone, panic overwhelming him. There's a knock at the door and an ASSISTANT appears. Sir....? Stephan doesn't move. She sits for a moment, then stands up... From the other end of the corridor, as the small figure of Rachel steps away from the bench. She straightens her scarf and wipes her eyes, then begins to walk towards us. As she walks towards the end of the corridor. As she moves down another corridor. She reaches an opening on her left, which reveals a frosted glass panels. She glances through it as she passes. And just for a second we see an ELDERLY MAN walking down the stairs. Rachel has walked on a few steps before it registers, and she stops - VOGEL. She walks back to the opening. The figure seems to have retraced their steps, because they are now walking FURTHER UP the staircase, on the other side of the lift shaft - a shadowy figure through the frosted glass which quickly disappears from sight. Rachel stares after him, frozen. What did she just see? She begins to climb the stairs. Rachel comes through double doors and finds herself in a long REC ROOM - PATIENTS and some STAFF grouped around the room. Rachel begins to walk through the room - elderly men all around her, playing cards, reading, some sitting staring vacantly. She walks through them, staring at faces. Is he here? Is he amongst this ordinary world? She feels her pace quicken as she's drawn on through the room. It's as if she's back at that terrible night. Vogel's ahead of her somewhere, escaping all over again. She FLASHES through DOUBLE DOORS into a junction area - a long, empty corridor leading away from her on the right, ahead another set of double doors... She bursts through these doors and finds herself in... A long, white tiled corridor of a room. A row of windows down the right, under which sit WASHBASINS. There's a row of LOCKERS and DOORS along the left. Rachel walks on, feeling increasingly as if she's in a dream. She's deep into the room before she realises it's a dead- end - there's no exit ahead of her.  Why did you come...? She turns and freezes. Vogel has emerged from one of the doorways on the left. Now he's between her and the doors on the far side of the room. Why did you have to come? You didn't have to follow me. Was it Schevchuk? Did he talk? I can stop him. I won't tell him anymore.  Nobody needs to know. You Jews never knew how to kill. Only how to die. Then he gives a gasp of pain, eyes closed, his whole body doubling with the pain, hands weakly scrabbling at the He falls, almost on top of Rachel, and she finds herself pressed against his contorted face as he hisses and spits in agony. His hand searches blindly for the dropped scissors. Rachel grapples with him, almost embracing him, apparently trying to prevent him for reaching it. His searching hand locates the scissors and his eyes open in triumph, staring straight into Rachel's. He raises the scissors above his head. Then he stabs Rachel in the stomach. Rachel jack-knifes, as if she's been punched. Then...nothing. Both lie still. The only sound is Vogel's rasping breathing. Slowly Vogel gathers himself, drops the scissors, gets onto his knees - the victor. He climbs to his feet and begins to limp towards the door. ...as he walks down the corridor, breathing hard, trying to make it back to his room, back to safety. Suddenly he staggers against the wall. Something's wrong, something in his back. He twists around trying to locate the source of the strange sensation. And there it is - the HYPODERMIC NEEDLE Rachel has stuck between his shoulders. He touches it with his fingertips, eyes wide with horror, feeling the rush of lethal chemicals through his blood. He twists again trying to pull the needle free but his legs are already giving way and he collapses to the floor. Moments later he's dead. Rachel manages to turn over, starts to drag herself up... As the music continues we see Yuri putting his coat on. He's evidently finished his fruitless interview with Schevchuk, who is sitting slumped by the window. Yuri turns, about to leave, when he suddenly notices a NOTE upon the desk, ADDRESSED TO HIM. Surprised, he picks up the note and begins to read it. We see the first line - "My name is Rachel Singer." The road at the back of the hospital. The music continues as we TRACK with Rachel, staring steadily ahead, walking slowly down the long road, her coat pulled around her. In the distance, framed between the arches, her abandoned car. Blood begins to spot the ground behind her. We are in darkness. Then a DOOR opens ahead of us and slides to one side revealing an oval of brilliant white light. Slowly we TRACK FORWARD towards the harsh light. ...walking on towards her car. We're at the top of an AIRPLANE STAIRWAY, which leads down to the runway below, and two lines of waiting DIGNITARIES, applauding. Walking on - a small lone figure against the white of the snow. The three YOUNG PEOPLE begin their descent down the stairs towards the WELCOME PARTY. ...tiny, framed within the two arches. Still moving towards the car.... We CLOSE on Young Rachel as she blinks against the harsh sunlight, takes out a pair of sunglasses and slips them on. Then she steps forward to accept her reward. 