Written by Jesse Armstrong, Simon Blackwell, Armando Iannucci & Tony Roche Monitoring. All the usual. How did your team do at the weekend? Yeah, alright. We won. Great.  Wanker. Sam. Morning. Well, pop pickers....what Shall we start with today? Wonky Ron....or Simon Foster, on the PM programme for the BBC. Well, I'm joined by Simon Foster, the Minister for International development. Thank you for joining us. Here we go. You've been in the job now for eighteen months, do you think you're making headway?  Ah. Yes I do. You'd expect me to say that I suppose. Page 1 Mark, are you co-ordinating that millenium goals press release? Yes. Well co-ordinate it better. Yes, can do. Is that the Minister? Bloody nail - has anyone got a nail file? Have we heard anything from Malcolm about last night's interview? No not yet. Perhaps he didn't hear it. Or maybe he's dead. hope) He might be dead. He might have had that massive stroke we've all been waiting for. It's in the post. ...preventable sickness in many of the poorest countries round the world....and Of course the big one is diarrhoea, which is a major, major issue.... Page 2 Diarrhoea? I mean, this is the minister for International Development. He should be talking about food parcels, not fucking arse-spraying mayhem. And so if we can tackle the easy things, like diarrhoea, then we can..... Oh yes, say it again. Very good. What is this, The Shitting Forecast? ...and then hopefully that will strike another blow in the war against preventable diseases. You mentioned the word `war" Steady Eddie... Against preventable diseases, yes.... Yes. All the evidence now points to a US military intervention in the Middle East. Is that you view? Well....personally, I think that war is unforseeable. Sam! Sam! Unforseeable? Yes. to have to go over to International Development, and pull Simon Foster's fucking hair. Page 3 He did not say "unforseeable'. You may have heard him say it, but he did not say that, and that is a fact. He'll want you to row back from the `unforeseeable' thing on Question Time tonight. On Question Time, you know the funny question they always ask at the end? Yes? I think we should prep that now. I'd like to shine on the funny question, cos I'm a funny guy. With a light touch. There's this guy, he's a property tycoon. He's bought a South Sea Island. It might be something like that, you know. "If you had to spend the rest of your life on a desert island, who would it be with?" Ah. Well, I can't say my wife, because I haven't got one, and I can't say my girlfriend, because I haven't got one of those either. And don't say Mandela, that's... No. Boring. And a bloke. Or Keira Knightley. Well, that's a good idea. Page 4 Pervert. Sex. Minister. I don't think so. People don't want to know. Did you take the washing out of the machine? No. What do you mean, no? No. I didn't take the washing out of the machine. It's going to go really stale. It'll be fine. It's not fine. By the time... It is fine. I'll wear stale pants. I don't want to go out with some who wears stale pants. Well, there we go. I could go commando, but I don't think that's acceptable in government.  Please. So: got everything you need for your first day in International Development? Page 5 Oh Yes. It's all here. My massive intellect. And an apple for Simon Foster. Simon Fluster. Don't say that, I'm rebranding him. Well he was crap on the radio last night. He sounded like a chicken with a wasp up its arse. Well I'm going to sort that out. After a week I'll have him sounding like a chicken without a wasp up its arse. Have a good day, good luck honey. Have a good day at the Foreign Office. Try not to annoy Russia. I'll give you a call later. Keep your phone on. Bye. Yeah, alright. Oh and be careful - cars! Are you going to keep ringing me up every two minutes, because you're starting to remind me of my mum. And that could lead to all sorts of erectile dysfunction. Page 6 I'm just checking whether you put last night's lasagne in the fridge.  Croissants! No. You're fine to go ahead and print that. It's lies, you'd be lying, but go ahead. He did not say unforeseeable. No he did not. Oh, just before you go -- when I tell your wife about you and Angela Heaney at the Blackpool conference...would email be better? Or a phone call? Or, hey I know, I'll write it on a cake, "Your hack husband betrayed you on the 4th of October, and congratulations on the new baby" in those little silver balls.  Yeah, maybe best to spike it? Okay. Fuckity-bye! No, it's fine, it's in the fridge. I put some clingfilm over it. Why did you put clingfilm on it? To keep it fresh. It's in the fridge, that'll keep it fresh. No, but it still might dry out.  Yeah, Malcolm Tucker. Can I speak to James Lewis at the PM Programme please? Page 7 Michael hands Suzie a croissant. end of the line) Still slightly warm. That's how I like my women as well. Clingfilm is carcinogenic, Toby. No it isn't. That's a myth. Clingfilm is perfectly safe. Malcolm now eyeing Toby with suspicion/contempt -- who is this dick? Toby tries to smile, lowers his voice, embarrassed.  No, I'll hold,. what's he waiting for?     A sex-change? They wouldn't sell clingfilm if it gave you cancer. Clingfilm doesn't give you cancer. And Lasagne doesn't give you syphillis. James! Right --Simon Foster? Yeah, very funny, the Diarrhoea of a Nobody. Listen, we get an easy ride on Tom tomorrow, OK?  No, YOU relax. Tell you what, I'll come over a lock you in a flotation tank and pump it full of sewage until you drown. GET ME FUCKING BRIAN! Simon and Judy are still prepping the funny question. .. Paris Hilton? Are you serious? Lily Allen. No. No women. Page 8 The Olson twins? Judy gets a call. Hi. Right. I see. She rings off.  What? Malcolm's coming to see you. Shit. He's still alive. When's he due? Malcolm walks in with Toby sheepishly behind him. Now. And don't say you weren't prepared because I rang ahead.  Give us a minute, will you love? Judy gets up as Malcolm turns back to SIMON In the words of the late, great Nat King Fucking Cole, `Unforeseeable, that's what you are..' So you're...whatever your name is, Dan, the new advisor? Daniel. Toby. Right. Just most of you lot tend to be called Dan, or Danny, so it's always worth a punt. OK, hello. As you know, I'm Judy Molloy, Civil Service Director of Communications for International Development. They shake hands. Page 9 Is this a normal morning, or...? Judy's not got time for questions. Okay, I've got a meeting in  two minutes. And the minister was rubbish in last night's interview. Rubbish? It's a technical term. It means he went on the radio and everyone could hear that he was rubbish. Someone goes into Simon's office. As door opens we hear heated conversation between Simon and Malcolm. You sounded like a panicky chimp trapped in a washing machine. Back inside Simon's office. Come on, Malcolm, he asked me for a personal opinion. Oh why didn't you say? I mean, he asked you. Fuck. Of course, that explains it. Yeah. Say, if he'd asked you to fucking black up, or give him your PIN number, or shot yourself, would you have done that as well. I would have blacked up. It was the radio and no-one would have known. Yeah. Very good. But war is -- basically unforeseeable isn't it? That is not our line, alright? Walk the fucking line. Look.  Page 10 We've got Karen Clark over from Washington, okay? We've got the US National Security Advisor's main guy coming. Yeah? We've got enough Pentagon goons here for a fucking coup d'etat. This is not the time to send out a signal like this in some personal fucking sodcast. Minister, this is Toby. Not the time love. Fuck off. Hey Toby. Glad you could join us. Bit of an odd morning, but 'Welcome to the madhouse!'I apologise for Malcolm. Don't apologise for me. You should apologise for yourself.  Did I not just tell you to fuck off and yet you're still here? That's correct.  Hey, foetus boy. Lesson One: If I tell you to fuck off what do you do? Fuck off? You'll go far.Now fuck off. Right. Toby fucks off. We can see him outside, wandering around, not knowing what to do with himself. We were thinking, weren't we Judy, that I could row back on Question Time tonight. No, You're not going on Question Time tonight. You've been disinvited. Page 11 Why? We've been prepping Question Time. Because they ask fucking questions on Question Time. And you're no good at questions. If it was Fumbling, Off- Message Shit Fucking Answer Time, you'd be our main guy. But it's not. Sorry, why wasn't I told about this? Why should I tell you about this? Because it's a scheduled media appearance by this department's Secretary Of State and it therefore falls within my purview... Your purview? Where do you think you are sweetheart, in some Regency costume drama? This is a government department, not a fucking Jane Austen novel. Allow me to pop a jaunty little bonnet on your purview and ram it up the shitter with a lubricated horse cock. Malcolm, your swearing doesn't impress me. My husband works for Tower Hamlets and believe me, those kids make you sound like Angela Lansbury.  She's married? The poor bastard. But...okay, Judy's lubricated horse cock aside for one moment....  Are you saying that I'm now not allowed to make any media appearances? No, not until we can trust you to keep to the line. But I was going to keep to the line: "I don't actually think war is unforeseeable." Page 12 Malcolm's looking out of the office, monitoring Judy's movements. She's flashed up on his radar. He's tracking her. What is it then? A beat. Is it...I don't know? Foreseeable? No. No. Not foreseeable. That's fucking declaring war. Do you want to fucking declare war? I'm a cabinet minister. I didn't get here by screwing up every media appearance I ever had. Write this down. It's neither forseeable nor undorseeable. Right. So not inevitable, but not...evitable. Malcolm leaves the office. Toby is still hovering.  Okay, you need to work on this fucking line.  That includes you, Jane Fucking Austen with the strap-on. Oh, and put the sniff out there that the next time the BBC ambushes a Minister with a war question we'll drop a bomb on them. I can't do that. That's political, that's not in my... Purview, Marie Antoinette? Weel listen, darling, why don't you fucking scuttle off back to fucking Cranford and play around with your tea and cake and horse cocks. Let them eat cock!  You, Ron Weasley -- you do it. Malcolm heads out. Page 13 Suzy and Michael in Michael's office. Suzy's getting documents together for the big meeting. Michael's at his computer, on the phone. Classical music still on.  You needn't worry about the Canadians. They're just happy to be there.  Yes, well, they always look surprised when they're invited. Listen, shall I just give Toby a quick call about the Simon Foster thing? Suzy dials. Toby checks the phone. Sees it's Suzy -- Christ, not her again, I'm a bit busy here. He answers. Hiya. You do know this is the third time you've rung? Are you on a new tariff? So? How's it going? You found the bogs yet? All a bit manic. It was never like this at Agriculture. People tend not to swear so much about wheat. Apart from farmers. They swear about everything.  Can you turn that down a bit?  Look, I've got a leg up for you. I think we could get Simon into the big meeting with Karen Clark? Right - Karen Clark from...is that the woman who went round Britain in a coracle for leukemia? Page 14 Karen Clark, US Assistant Secretary of State? Oh right. Shit. Karen Clark. Wow. Thanks. Hang on, Michael wants to say something. Meat. Meat. Meat! Simon's only going to be meat in the room. Don't get his hopes up. Yeah, so you know -- Simon, between us, he's just going to be meat in the room. Meat? Judy, nearby, hears this.  Yeah. The Americans don't feel they're getting a real meeting unless there's thirty of you on each side. So Simon is...you know those polystyrene peanut things they use to pack electrical goods? Sort of one of those. But you might not want to tell him that. I ought to go. I love you. Judy's hovering nearby. Likewise. Affirmative on that. Judy is hovering as Toby finishes his call. So, quick tour. She starts walking away. Toby follows. Um, I do just need to... Page 15 Over there...that's Mike's patch. Leave Mike to it. He knows what he's doing. Don't you Mike? What? Exactly.  He's an idiot. He organised 3,000 tents and sanitation packs for Rwanda. Right...is that not...? They needed them in Luanda. Angola. It's been in the news.  And that's the end of the tour. I've got to go. Look, I understand your hostility to new wood coming in.. There's a lot of really important people you need to know about, but I haven't got time. But she's gone. Toby heads over to Simon's office. The door's open. He pops his head in. Hey, boss. Toby, hi. Sorry about earlier -- Malcolm. He's a bit of an...alpha male, isn't he? Look, I've managed to get you into the big meeting at the Foreign Office this afternoon. The Karen Clark meeting? Shit, really? Sure. How did you...? I did it through sheer bloody hard work. Judy walks past. Simon calls out. Page 16 Hey Judy. She comes in. Hello? Tobes here has got me into the big Karen Clark meeting. Judy looks at Toby. She heard the `meat' conversation. Wow. Yeah, the Big Meet. How are you spelling that, by the way? Two `e's. Simon, Toby and Judy drive along Whitehall in their car. An awkward silence. Judy looks at Toby. She knows Simon's just off to be meat.  Just, maybe, might be best not to get too excited. It might be that their guys muscle in and have the lion's share of the talk time. Yeah. It might be like that. I think I can work a room, okay? I'm not a room virgin. Simon, Toby and Judy are going through security. Suzy and Michael come to meet them. Simon. Michael. Page 17 A very young man approaches Michael. Looks like he is 19. He is CHAD. Ah, Michael? I'm Chad. Hello? We'd like a dual horse-shoe formation for the meeting set-up - an enclave for Ms Clark, an enclave for the Pentagon delegation. First names acceptable to all parties and politely we request the presence of both carbonated and non- carbonated waters. Right. Thanks so much. He walks purposefully off. My God. Who was that, Young Lankenstein? Oh he'll be running something relatively major. They're all kids in Washington. It's like Bugsy Malone, but with real guns. Chad's dual horse-shoe is packed with people. The room's pretty much full. ten or so aides and functionaries, security people and assistants. senior aides.) Then there is Bob Adriano's gang of advisors, smaller but sitting separately. Next to them is a Pentagon delegation, including uniformed members of all three services. Lots of hubbub. their seats. Page 18 They're as far away from the US delegation as it's possible to be, and Simon's seat is actually behind a pillar. Suzy goes off to join Michael and the Foreign Office delegation near the front. Suzy looks over to Toby, uses her hands to make mock binoculars, as if to say, 'you're very far away, look how close and therefore important I am'. No-one will hear me if I say anything. How's your view? Can we swap? Simon and Toby swap seats, but Simon can still barely see anything.  Can I swap with you? I think the meeting's starting. It is. Well, quickly then, swap. Simon and Judy swap seats. The meeting is now underway. We're with Karen Clark. We all agree this is a very tough time, but I don't want a consensus to form around the premise that conflict is necessarily the primary option at this point. Back with Simon, Judy and Toby. Simon still straining to see. Are people thinking that? That's -- a bit hardcore. He cranes again to see. No, this is worse. Swap back. Simon and Judy swap seats again. Back with Karen. She's holding up a paper in a red folder. Page 19 This paper, authored by one of my aides, Liza Weld. You don't mind me fore- grounding this do you Liza? Liza reacts. Her paper? In a big meeting. Is this good or bad? Illuminates the logistical factors we face. She highlights a number of reasons why, in practical terms, we can't envision a theatre deployment for twelve months. Although not everyone might agree with the assumptions made in that paper. Really - such as what? The committee feels a much quicker deployment is possible. Which committee?  This has been discussed in a number of committees. If I said one committee... You did. Then that was a slip of the tongue Have you accidentally alluded to some secret committee? A war committee? If I can interject here, I'm aware we're pushed for time. I'd like to move us on agenda-wise. Our next item is international relief co-ordination. Karen is conferring with Liza, Adriano with his guy. Have you heard of this committee? What's this Liza Weld paper? Page 20 Simon is watching, feeling the meeting is passing him by.  Should I say something? She invited me, I should say something. If you don't say something in the first 10 minutes, you can end up not saying anything at all. I don't know whether you should say anything. I'm saying something ... I think I'm going to try saying something. Simon goes to put his hand up, Toby maybe puts a calming hand on his hand. They look at one another. Has Toby crossed a line? Look - I just think it's worth noting that Ministers in The UK Government, there) such as our colleague here ...  Is she talking about me? Simon Foster ... She's talking about me! Has made it clear that for them currently war is unforeseeable. Isn't that right Simon? Well, yes, I mean, that's what I said. And I stick to what I said. But that doesn't mean that what I said won't ever change. It's not imutable. Or mutable. It's an ongoing ... Page 21  I wonder if there aren't some area of mutual agreement we can't rattle through here and see how much time we have at the end for this discussion? He's ended the debate. Suzy comes round the back of the meeting all smiles and hands Judy a note with a smile. Thanks. She opens the note it reads, `Simon is acting like a massive tit. Stop him.' Is that all fine? That's all fine. Thanks for that. Thanks. Toby whispers something in Simon's ear. Simon doesn't look pleased. Karen is still talking to the meeting. Simon shuts up. He'll have this out later. The big meeting is breaking up. Simon is annoyed, leading Judy and Toby out of the room and into any private space he can find - they back into a huge huge ballroom Come here - we need to talk room, look around) What do you mean stop being a `tit'? In what way was I being a tit? Why am I even over here if I'm not meant to say anything? You were just meat in the room, Simon. 'Meat in the room'? Oh for fuck's sake Judy. I took an hour out to come over here and be room meat? Page 22 But you know you're a prime cut, you're not - offal. Great, I'm not liver. What was I, tit meat? We're with Karen Clark's delegation who have just walked downstairs from the meeting room into a ground floor lobby area. KAREN is talking to LIZA, her right-hand woman. TOBY, SIMON and JUDY are above them standing round a circular viewing area that looks down on the lobby. The UK and US delegations are aware of each other, throwing furtive glances each other's way. Whichever committee they don't want me to be a member of, I want to be a member of that. It's a confused Groucho Marx. Okay. Right. Chad arrives. Karen talks to someone else. Hey Liza. Your paper got a major citation. You must be psyched Karen brought it up. She...that was her call. I didn't know it had been that widely read. You could not write anything that clashes more violently with the current climate than you the one you wrote if you were trying, and it almost seems like you were trying. I wasn't trying, believe me. You are like the woman from The Omen, you've given birth to a demon and it's going to kill you. Page 23 You probably identify with the kid from The Omen right? Ooh. See, you're an only child, aren't you? You bring this up whenever you run out of arguments. I don't see how my parents' limited reproductive abilities reflects badly on me. I'm the sperm that made it. Liza walks off, over to Karen. Have fun with your career kryptonite. conspiratorially to Liza downstairs) What's that all about? It looks important. Karen is back, huddled up with Liza. My teeth hurt. I think the veneers are chipped. Do they look chipped? Liza stares into Karen's mouth. Well, I think that one, that one's always been there, right? I'm not sure. Have you got any painkillers? Oh, don't look at my teeth.  Sshhh! Page 24 Simon's smile) I don't want to risk a dentist here. The US delegation are heading off  Hey Liza! Oh ... Hi ... hi? She knows him but can't immediately place him. Toby? It's Toby. Hi. Hi. She makes the phone sign. He gives a thumbs up, she thinks he's misread the phone sign and gestures, or email by doing typing in the air. Toby signs back, yeah, call on the phone or email - does the typing back.  What are you doing? You look like    you're practicing baby massage. She did the Kennedy scholarship at my college. I had a small thing for her. I can imagine. I'm not sure she remembered me. No, that is one of the side effects of Rohypnol. Page 25 Linton has set up a secret war committee, I just know it. I mean, Linton is an absolute lunatic, Liza. He is dangerous. The voices in his head are now singing barbershop together. The conversation is continuing between Simon Judy and Toby as they exit the FO. Yeah. Jesus. I really really hope there's not a war. It's going to be a nightmare. It's bad enough having to cope with the fucking Olympics. They appear outside. There's a press pack of 10 or so reporters and photographers there. Minister!/Simon!/Mr Foster! Simon is taken aback. Fuck. Who let the dogs out? We don't need this. Er, you wanted a chance to row back on the war. Do you want to nail the line? What? No. No. I'll freestyle it. The press are calling. Is war unforeseeable Minister? Look,  ...loads of things that are actually very likely are also unforeseeable. Y'know, For the plane in the fog the mountain is unforeseeable, but then it, is suddenly very real and inevitable. Toby and Judy look at one another. This isn't good. Page 26 The press pack are looking for more. Sorry, are you saying that...? What I'm saying is that to - walk the road of peace, sometimes you need to be ready to climb the mountain of conflict. Thank you! The press are writing furiously, making calls already. Simon tries to look confident. He and the team get into their car.  Toby Simon and Judy on the back seat as they drive back to the Department.  Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck.  Why didn't we nail the line? I did try to warn you. You did try to warn me but you didn't actually stop me, did you?. That's like shouting 'Train!' as I get hit by a train. You should go  'Look! Train! There's a Fucking Train!' JUDY'S and SIMON'S phones start ringing. They each check the number. Oh shit. It's Malcolm. It's Malcolm for me too. How does he do that?  Hello? Page 27 Malcolm has two phones on the go. He's watching the SKY `Government ready to Climb the Mountain of Conflict' banner running across the top.  Simon.   I don't like finding out about people I work with via the news, unless they've died. Get over here now so we can address at least one of those issues. Judy, Simon and Toby are walking towards Malcolm's office. The thing is. On the war. With your profile.. is a senior policy aide to a cabinet minister) ... Maybe we should - get it out there? That the war is a resigning issue for you. You can't say it's a resigning issue. Because you then have to resign. You are having a really great first day you know that? They walk in, Malcolm's there.  You are supposed to be a Cabinet Minster. You are supposed to be officer class. Don't do this. Don't make waves. We can do without the ritual humiliation, Malcolm. You know I'm against talking up the war. You're against talking up the war? Is that why you said, "Climb the mountain of conflict"?  Page 28 Do you know what you sounded like? You sounded like a fucking Nazi Julie Andrews. I'm just saying. I might be forced to the verge of making a stand.   Right, you two, The White Stripes, outside. Simon makes to leave with them. There's only two people in the White Stripes. Toby and Judy leave and wait outside the door.  Look, I admire you, I really do. Making a stand. So, I take it I can tell the PM you don't want to go to Washington? To where...? Washington. The boss wants you over there on a fact-finder. Problems we might face if it all goes boombastic in the Middle East. Oh. Right. But you were saying, you are on the verge of your stand... Well, look - I don't know what words I used in the heat of the moment, but maybe in a sense I was on the verge. But that's the important thing - I was on the verge. Not in any way decided. Christ on a bendy-bus, Simon, stop being such a faffing fuck-arse. I am standing my ground on the verge. Page 29 Well, when you go to America, talk to Karen Clarke at the State Department, I'll give it a whirl. But keep away from Linton Barwick. He's pushing the war for Caulderwood's lot. I'll deal with him. Dangerous fucker. keeps a live hand-grenade as a paperweight. True story. Oh right.    I won't talk to him. Talk to as few people as possible. That would be best for you. Liza, Karen and Chad arrive in the buzzing State Department offices, knackered but in action mode. Okay - so, priorities are: take a shower, get me on Linton's War Committee, get me a dental appointment. Not necessarily in that order. Karen walks past various desks covered in tons of Post- Its. Stops a STAFFER as he passes. What's Linton been up to while we've been away....have we declared war on California yet? But before the staffer can answer they run right into Linton. Karen stands her ground. Ah. Karen. Linton. How was London? Good hotel? Great hotel, thank you. Page 30 Good meetings? Yes. We had some good discussions. The time at Number Ten could possibly have been better spent but then... Karen realises that Linton is reading a message on his cell phone and not listening. Good. Welcome back. I'll read your words when they come through. Thank you so much Linton heads off to his office. A beat later so does Karen. Chad goes off a little towards Linton's office. Is Chad coming... ?  He's doing his desperate chorus girl thing, hanging around trying to catch Linton's eye. That's why he's wearing his push-up bra today.  Assistant Secretary of State -- hi. Brad. Chad Uh-huh. Exactly Can I...? Linton ignores him as he goes to join Bob Adriano waiting for him in his office. So listen, Liza, I need you to find out the names of the ten dullest committees currently operating on the hill. Dullest? Page 31 Because Linton is not going to call it the big horrible scarey war committee...they'll have buried the war committee under the most boring name they can think of. 'Diverse Strategy Committee'- not that, I'm on that. But it'll be a committee that sounds so tedious you want to self-harm. They glance over into Linton's area. He is glancing into theirs. KAREN Can you get me General Miller at the Pentagon?  My teeth hurt like hell.  Sick of hearing about the teeth... Liza goes to her desk, picks up her landline. Hi. I'm calling from Karen Clark's office about a paper written by a staffer here. We need to know if 'Post War Planning: Parameters, Implication's and Possibilities' has reached Assistant Secretary of State Linton Barwick yet?  Yeah...by Liza Weld.  'Pwip Pip'? It's already been given an acronym?  No I don't want to fast-track it. Would it possible to slow-track it? Well can we create one? Looking over at Karen. Now alone, who is still stealing glances over. I do not understand why anyone would choose to work in a glass office. In my opinion glass offices are for perverts. I could request the glass be frosted? Page 32 up) Frosting is for cakes, Bob. Now. What happened in London? Generally positive. Two glitches. Karen flagged a report by one of her staffers - Liza. She's obviously trying to use it as some kind of roadblock. It's called Pwip Pip. Pip what? Pwip Pip. What is that a report on - birdcalls? What does that stand for? I don't recall. It's factish. Intel - case for and against intervention. We've got all the facts we need on this. In the land of truth, my friend, the man with one fact is king. You said there was another thing? In the meeting with the Foreign Office the Committee was accidentally briefly alluded to. mouth so he can't be lip- read) Which committee?  The war committee. Karen must not find out about that. She is an excitable yapping she-dog. Okay get the minutes of the meeting, we need to correct the record. We can do that? Page 33 Yes we can. They're an aide memoir for us. So they should not be a reductive record of what happened to be said, but a more full record of what was intended to be said. I think that's the more accurate version, right? LATER. Bob Adriano is going through the minutes with Linton. I don't like this section. Cut that. I don't think this is really what France are saying. Let's change that. And these. And let's reverse this. That's something Karen said. It's not right. Change it. Yes sir. And I like this. Thank you. Let's say everyone agreed with this. Excellent. Judy's in her office on the phone, laughing. Simon's eyeing her suspiciously. What's she so fucking happy about? Is she laughing at me? Judy closes the blinds on her side of the office. Why's she got control of the blinds? I'm a government minister. I should have blinds. Page 34  You want me to order some blinds? Or I could get some heavy curtains with swags and a pelmet. Yes. I do. Oh. Okay ... Can we go somewhere else? They walk to Box Room. So listen. My team for the US. Team Simon. I'm thinking of taking you and leaving Judy? I could work with that, definitely. Plus she can be a bit... you know? "Everything's a bit shit isn't it?" "So you're the President? And I'm supposed to be impressed by that? Yeah. "My husband works in Tower Hamlets." "That's much harder than being President". Okay. It's settled. Fuck it. She's staying behind. Go and tell her. INT. STATE DEPARTMENT. KAREN'S OFFICE - DAY Karen, Liza and Linton are among those seated round the table. Various staffers are standing, including Chad. And Bob Adriano. Which brings us on to Any Other Business. I believe I've flagged everything I needed to discuss. As I usually do. Page 35 mouth, mocking Linton's gesture from earlier) Or everything you're prepared to discuss. What is that, Karen I understand you've started up a new committee, what's it called? What makes you think that? It was mentioned in our London meeting. You must have misheard. I misheard the word committee? Maybe it was another word. Like Khomeini. You're sitting on a new Khomeini? Possibly. There are a lot of words, Karen. Kansas City. Kitty. Itty. Itty is not a word, Bob. Commissary? Thank you, James Chad. Ok. Why don't you just recap for me all the committees that you're currently sitting on? Page 36 I'm Sorry, Karen, you appear to be bleeding from your mouth. She is. But she doesn't want to leave the meeting. Oh don't try to change the subject Linton.  Oh no. Holy Mother of.... Everyone is just looking at her. I don't mean to be rude Karen but that is a tad... repulsive. I can't concentrate on what you're saying. You have blood coming out of your teeth and that's not right. Karen gets up to go. It's awkward, she's boxed in and has to clamber over the others to get to the door. Okay, Liza come with me.  Go, Buffy - you belong to the vampire queen now. Liza follows Karen out. Chad takes Liza's seat. I don't like to see a woman bleeding from the mouth. It makes me think of Country and Western music. Which I really can't abide.  Yes! Ha ha! Exactly. Linton sees his chance to take advantage of Karen being out of the room. Actually while we're on Any Other Business I do have a few points I'd like to resolve. Page 37 They head into the bathroom. Liza is pulling handfuls of tissue. Handing them to Karen who is dabbing her teeth. Where are at you at with the committees? I got it down to two. The Aims and Policy Alignment Committee. Here - put some down your front - you don't want it to go down your... And the Future Planning Committee. Well, it's not the first one. I set that one up. Does that really sound dull to you? I thought that was a good name. Right, no, it is a good name. Okay, find out if it is definitely the Future Planning Committee. Okay. Okay. Right, listen, I might go and do that. You're not going to shout at me if I go and do that are you? I'm not a fucking monster Liza, okay? Will you stop implying I'm some kind of monster? Liza heads out of the toilets to see Bob Adriano ahead, quite a long way. Bob! Bob Adriano stops and turns. Liza. Liza sprints and catches up with him. Page 38 So listen, Bob, there's something I really want to tell you. We're having a hunk of the month competition, and I just didn't want you to be feel...objectified in any way....and on?) Oh really? Karen knows about the Future Planning Committee. Bob Adriano looks shocked, tries to cover it up. I have no idea what you're talking about. Liza smiles. Runs back into the toilets and gives a thumbs up to Karen. Simon and Toby walking past the queues at US immigration, they are being ushered through a separate channel by airport workers and diplomatic staff. As they're escorted Simon and Toby catch each other's eye. This is cool. Don't be callow Toby. We're on official business. A Homeland Security official ushers them through. This is a little bit fucking cool. But then they reach the end of security and find themselves dumped into the same arrivals area as everyone else. They walk through. There will be a car won't there? Oh God yeah, of course. Page 39 They walk slowly looking at the various cabbies and chauffeurs holding signs. Did you book a car? Me? No. I mean, Judy will have got someone to do it. He calls on his phone. Hi Judy? Yeah sorry if you're in bed, but we're here and...  Just can't see the car? Wondered what the car situation was? Intercut with Judy in bed at her flat. What car situation? The airport car? That's not my job Toby. That's Robbie's job to book it, your job to check it and confirm it. Alright? Good night. The call is over.  Yeah. She's really embarrassed. Sounds like a snarl up her end. I'll see what we can do? He's looking panicked - then. Here we go. There's a guy with a sign that says `England Government - Simon Forester' `Simon Forester?' Page 40  Hi we're the Simon Foster party? The driver takes their bags and they follow him. Simon and Toby are heading into Washington. Their car is accompanied by two police motorcycles.  I almost feel like there should be hookers. Do you know what I mean? Really, here, we should have hookers.  Hey Gav, I'm in a fucking motorcade! You want girls? out of hand) What? Oh no. God no. No no no no no. I was just - I was just joking. I don't want hookers. I hate hookers. I mean not in an aggressive way. I'm just not interested.  But thanks. Thanks very much. They get out of the limo, take in the hotel facade. Not bad. Pretty fucking good. They walk in. Oh. Right. Not so impressive then. Not crappy. Just very bland and ordinary. It's like a hangar for businessmen. Simon and Toby enter with the porter. He hangs around for a tip. Page 41 Toby, have you....?  I haven't been to an ATM yet...I've only got English.... them into the porter's hand. It's supposed to be a dollar a bag. Porter leaves. TOBY goes to window, opens curtain. The Capitol it just visisble through a building site. Technically, you've got a Capitol Hill view. A smart private cocktail party in a fancy Georgetown house. Karen and General Miller spot each other. They each take a glass of champagne from a waiter. Hey Karen. You look beautiful. I bet you say that to all the girls. Yeah I do. And some of the guys. That's why you shouldn't run for Senate. Too many skeletons in your enormous closet. Yeah, don't believe the hype. I'm just thinking about doing ... something. I'm more than just a soldier, Karen. That's right, you're passionate about education and housing and what's the other thing? Lingerie. Page 42 That's right. And bestiality. I'd forgotten about that. Are you still allergic to that dog? Yes, yes. I wake up and my eyes are closed and my head is swollen and I look like a giant ball sack. Oh my god, they do have memdication for that.....but a beautiful ball sack, though. And how's the pentagon? It's kicked up a level. Talking invasion real soon. Is there somewhere we can talk? I don't know, I don't live in this house. General Miller and Karen are in Caulderwood's kids' play room. Toys are piled up everywhere. What if someone comes in now? I can't think of an excuse that would work can you? No. Just be careful. Don't mess stuff up. They sit down on the child's bed. Miller grabs a crayon. Okay so that's total minimum European Theatre requirement. He shows her a figure on a piece of paper.  This is Far East, Korea, Japan etc. Page 43 He scribbles. Add those. Plus contingency already deployed. Er - you've lost me. Miller looks around, grabs a child's laptop. Opens it, it says `howday' in an electronic voice. Your military hardware is impressive. Not anymore it isn't. Okay so this is total current deployment.  Europe, Asia.  And the contingency already deployed.  So the current number of combat troops available for an invasion according to these figures would be ... button) Twelve. Thousand? No, twelve. Twelve soldiers. Twelve. You're shitting me. Of course I'm shitting you, but 12 thousand isn't enough. Twelve thousand's about how many are going to die. And you really need a few guys alive at the end of a war or it looks like you've lost. Uh-huh. Tomorrow I've got to meet these Brits. Simon Foster. He's the guy that said war was unforseeable, and I think he could very useful on the committee because he could internationalise the dissent. Page 44 You're going to use him as a little meat puppet. INT. WASHINGTON HOTEL - TOBY'S ROOM. Simon knocks on the door. Toby opens, he's in his boxer shorts and shirt. Tobes. Hi. So! What's the plan? What swanky reception are we going to?  What's the plan? For tonight? Well that's what I'm asking you Toby, my chief aide, my political advisor. I don't know, I thought tonight we'd be tired? with Toby) Well I am tired but I'm also a career politician Toby, in the political powerhouse of the world for forty-eight hours. So I thought it might be nice to, you know, go out rather than sit in my room trying to spank one out watching a shark documentary, because I'm scared if I watch a porno it'll end up in the Register of Members Interests. So what have you got? Okay ... What have I got? Don't bullshit me Toby. Okay - so far, we have ... one flyer under the door for happy hour in the bar - which might be interesting? And I have the number of a guy I was with at Uni who I believe now works for CNN out here. No. Page 45 No? Karen on the phone. Liza, where are you? Waving at you. Make yourself more visible. I'm practically on top of you. They meet. You can stop talking on your phone now. Look, I have to leave. Phone Simon Foster's guy. Tell them to come to the war committee. I'll give them some face time around ten o'clock. It'll be coffee and Danish...tea..they're going to want tea. Tea and sympathy. Tea and a handjob, whatever. Ok.  Hey Toby! It's Liza Weld. Do you remember? What you guys doing tonight? Toby and Simon are lying on separate beds in their underpants watching a shark documentary. Toby is the on the phone. There is still a great deal that is unknown about great white shark mating behaviour... Well it is unbelievably hectic. Page 46 You can definitely spot the female ones can't you?! Toby's ending his call with Liza. Attending the war committee. That's big. I mean, I have been on a committee before. "Challenges for the cheese market" - that was a big one... but...yes, sure I'd love a drink. Forty minutes? Great. where people sign off by repeatedly saying `bye' with increasing speed but diminishing volume) Bye bye bye-bye-bye-bye-bye bye. He hangs up. Very excited. Starts getting ready to see Liza. Checks his hair in the mirror. Not quite right. He opens a pot of hair gel, takes a scoop and rubs it in his hands, ready to put it in his hair. His phone goes again. Doesn't know what to do. Doesn't want to pick up the phone with gelly hands. No time to wash it off. Grabs a towel and picks up the phone holding the towel. He struggles to press the answer button. Puts the towel- covered phone to his ear. Hello? Hi? Hello? He can't hear through the towel. Tries to adjust it. Matty, hi, How's CNN? yes -- sorry? Do I sound muffled? Can't mate. Yeah, Liza Weld's's got us on to Linton's Future Planning Committee in the morning. The war committee, to you and me. So I'm prepping...what? Yes, Future Planning Committee is the war committee. You don't know that? I thought you worked for CNN? Or is that Cartoon Network News? Simon has just answered the door to MALCOLM. Page 47 Come in....I just wasn't expecting you to be here. Physically here. Obviously, you're always in my heart. I'm here, I'm there, I'm fucking everywhere. I am the egg-man. Have you come to insult me in a different time zone? Toby still on the phone. No, off out now for a drink with her...yeah, yeah, ha-di-ha, but nothing's going to happen there. Little Toby's staying in his hammock tonight. Toby checks himself in the mirror. Toby comes out of the bathroom. Simon, I've managed to get us on the... Malcolm is suddenly in his face. Hello!!  Fuck! Malcolm! Jesus. You're meant to shit yourself in there. Not out here. Right.  I've got us on to Linton's Future Planning Committee in the morning. Okay. What's that? Page 48 It's the war committee. What? The actual....war committee? Yeah, Liza says that... Who's going to be there? Karen Clark, Liza, me and Simon.  Simon and me. Who else is going -- Jimmy Osmond? Gwyneth Paltrow? You've been invited to a diversion. The real committee, the real thing, that's happening at The White House. Toby picks his jacket up. Yeah well, I'll text you the details because I'm going to go out.for A quick drink with some State Department bods. Don't mention this to the press, ok? Don't mention it to anyone. Because if the press get a whiff there's a war committee, even a cardboard one, every fucker in this town is going to turn up and try and get on it. So no matter what gay bar you end up, keep it schtumm. Malcolm flicks the TV over to a news channel. I was watching that. Malcolm looks at him. I have to have a word with you. You might want to slip into your negligee. Toby heads out. Page 49 Toby and Liza sit in a booth. They are by far the most formally dressed people in the club. A band are playing angry rock with a vaguely political message. A small knot of people are rocking out.  You see those guys? The mosh pit? Yes, I don't think I've ever seen a more civilised 'mosh pit' it's more of a mosh caucus actually. House staffers, Senators' interns, most of them are half-man half-PDF file. Tonight they rage hard. Tomorrow they go back to the hill and argue noise reduction legislation. They're chuckling, having a good time.  You're worried. something else entirely) It's Pwip Pip. I'm sorry? Pip Pip? Is this... a person or a cell phone tarrif or.. It's my paper. On the war. Pros and Cons of the war. But I came up with too many cons. The pro-war guys have started calling me `Connie'. So, yes I'm fucking worried. My career's on the line. Yeah- I noticed you're worried, cos I saw you looking worried. I'm perceptive like that. But... else) Don't worry. Okay, this place blows. I'm going. What are you doing? Page 50 Well I'm incredibly tired. It feels like my brain's eight hours behind but my liver's 12 hours ahead. You don't want to come back to my place for a quick catch up? It's an alluring offer. However, due to technological developments I no longer need sleep, but am physically rejuvenated by alcohol! He guzzles from his beer bottle as they leave. Toby and Liza are on the bed together, kissing. Could I just say, you know, that what happens in Washington stays in Washington? Yeah I live in Washington. So that doesn't really work for me. Malcolm is     still in Simon's room. He's texting. Simon sneaks the     remote and flips from the news back to the shark doc.     Malcolm, without looking up, picks up the remote and     flicks back to the news. We are under enormous pressure Simon. Karen will want you to say, `war is unforeseeable'. Linton will want you to talk up `climbing the mountain of conflict'. You say nothing, okay? You can't swing both ways, you're not David fucking Bowie. Right. Can I go to bed now? No, we're going to run that through. Am I being tortured? Page 51 Toby wakes up. His mouth is parched. He feels terrible. He rolls over. Liza is gone. He can't remember where he is or what's going on. Then with a flash as he looks at the clock - 9.07 he remembers a lot of things in a rush and springs out like a Ninja and starts pulling his clothes on, while scrabbling for his phone. He heads down stairs & out of the apartment. Hello I need a number for a taxi in Washington DC. Straight through please. He's on the street. Hello. I need a cab, right now. From? From where? From from  It's 40, 46, that's the number, and it's a street. It's a nice street with houses and cars and a - sidewalk and it's got leaves and - hold on I'm walking, I'm walking to a sign ... Toby running. Karen, Liza and Simon are making small talk. Marcel's is good. Uh-huh. You should go to La Taverna, the Greek place. It's fantastic. They set fire to the cheese. It's a lot of fun. Page 52 It sounds a lot of fun. There's the aerospace museum, the National Gallery. Do they set fire to the paintings? Polite laughter. Toby comes in. Hi I'm sorry I'm so late.  And this is your guy? Yes. He's, you know, among my guys. Toby shoots Simon a look.  I'm Karen. And I believe you already know Liza.  Yes. From college, in England. Pulled an all-nighter? Toby looks to Liza for guidance. She's not giving any. Yes, I, uh, got led astray. Oh who by? Uh, well I ran into - people. There's some people from - the MoD over and ... Not Penny Grayling? Er - no, another - gang? Right. Wow. I didn't know you had so many delegations in town. Page 53  The British are coming! Well, I need to just check out a couple of things ... this seems like a good point to break things up. Er - no problem. They start to get up, not quite sure what's going on. It's been great. Terrific. I really appreciate this. Brilliant. Simon and Toby walk out into a larger office. They find a couple of seats left out for people waiting and sit down. Various staffers come and go, picking up papers and files, saying hi, looking knackered, all drinking either diet cokes or coffees. Was that...? Toby -- I don't want to read you the riot act here but I am going to have to read some extracts from the riot act. Like Section 1 paragraph 1 clause 1. Don't leave your boss twisting in the wind and then burst in late smelling like a pissed seaside donkey.  `The British are coming'?  So I turned up late to the meeting Simon. I'm sorry. But it's not like I threw up in there. Page 54 No you're right. I should be thanking you for not throwing up. Well done. You're a star. You didn't wet yourself, you're in the right city, you didn't say anything overtly racist, you didn't pull your dick out and start plucking it and shouting 'willy banjo'. No I'm being unfair, you got so much right. Without actually being there for the beginning of one of the biggest meetings of my career. You're a legend. An uncomfortable beat. That was just - the first bit was it? We're going back in do you ...think? We'd barely said hello. I've had muggings that have lasted longer than that. We really only spoke about flammable cheese. Liza comes out, passes by. Toby mouths `shit' to himself. desk, then to a staffer) Are these all requests to get on the committee? What's going on? Did someone post an invite on Facebook? I'm drowning in Senators. It's Senator soup here. Hi Liza. They're uncomfy with each other. Hey Toby. Toby gets up for a private word.  You feeling okay? Yes, I'm feeling fine. Why were you late? Because...you know...you didn't wake me up. Page 55 You looked so sweet. I thought you knew what you were doing. I was asleep, of course I didn't. That's how people walk out of windows. over) Hey Liza, I've got another call about the Committee from Senator Crudden's office, he wants in too. What is going on here? Fuck. Why's this my problem? Toby you sure you didn't do bad? You didn't mention the committee to anyone else? Nada. Nada.. Bad-da. Nada-bada bing-bong ding-dang-dong.  I have no idea what I'm saying anymore I think I really am still quite drunk. Chad is passing. As Liza turns away Toby's face does a spasm of regret at his brazen lying. Everyone is so hot for your paper. I'm running off another ten copies. It's spreading like a virus, Liza. You're in hot water. You're lobsterising. I don't feel that. It's by degrees. Wafting. Bisque. I smell lobster. Can you smell lobster, Toby? Simon calls Toby back over. Mate! I need to... Sure. Toby goes back to Simon Page 56 So, how far would you go with Linton, you freaky little stalker? Downtown? Or all the way up Brokeback Mountain? Malcolm is arriving into a meeting room set up with water etc with a young man who looks like an intern, A.J. A.J. How are you today? Beat the traffic? Malcolm looking around, as if things aren't right. Yeah yeah. Hunky dory. Can I get a coffee? He gives AJ his coat. A.J. eventually does and just puts it on a chair, not the coat stand) Sure, sure, if we get started, I'll get my assistant to bring us some refreshments.  Your assistant? A.J. in the room) Yeah. So, Item. We need to have a conversation about the mood of the British Parliament. Any bumps in the road ahead. I'm sorry son, am I - is this it? No offence, but shouldn't you be at school with your head down a toilet? A.J. Your first point there, the offence. I'm afraid I'm gonna have to take it. Your second point. I'm 22. But - item - It's my birthday in nine days, so if it would be more comfortable we could... wait...? Page 57 Don't get sarcastic with me son.  We burnt this tight-arsed city to the ground in 1814 and I'm all for doing it again. Starting with you, you frat fuck. You get sarcastic with me again and I will stuff so much cotton wool dowm your fucking throat it'll come out of your arse like the wee tail on a playboy bunny. Okay? I thought...I was led to believe I was attending the war committee. A.J. Yes, Assistant Secretary of State Linton Barwick wanted me to brief you on the work of the Future Planning Committee. I don't want the bullshit son, I want the bull. No one sidelines me. I'm away. Malcolm gets up, grabs his coat. An even younger guy wheels in a coffee trolley. And here we go - the fucking Vice President has also graced us with his presence! Malcolm runs out, on the phone. Malcolm runs out of the White House.  Where is the fucking war committee meeting? Simon's going to the war committee I thought you knew?  I thought I was going to the war committee? Tell me where the fuck it's happening! Page 58 It's on the 7th floor in room 712.  Oh Malcolm, do you like how I'm telling you what's going on where you are?  Well let me tell you what's going on where you are sweet heart, a certain vinegar faced maniplulative cowbag is about to find that she's out of a fucking job... Simon and Toby are looking through magazines and papers. Karen is exiting her office with an entourage. Here she comes - shit - look like we're meeting, look like we're having a meeting!  ... and if you look ... at the line they take in Newsweek - that's very much ... another narrative. See you at the committee.  Yeah, yeah sure, see you in a mo. Just finishing off some stuff.  Okay, we're all done there. Let's roll. Toby looks at him. As they get up and follow her at speed, tripping to keep up.  I don't think you can say that anymore here. They don't like that. Shut up. Follow them. Don't lose them. Lets rock. Page 59 They follow Karen around a corner and she disappears into a set of doors, they follow her through, but it is the vestibule before a toilet door. Karen looks at them. Hello? Hello. Are you joining me or shall I see you there? See you there. I don't need to ... do any of the things you need to go in there to do, so I'll just see you there. Karen goes into the toilet. Simon and Toby head off looking sheepish. As they head out of the vestibule. There is a gaggle of Karen hangers-on. Chad-type staffers looking to get in with Karen. Linton is with Adriano, quietly horrified by all these people. General Miller passes them.  We seem to be overrun with insurgents here, Bob. Hi, I'm in seat 204, row W. Will I be able to see the big screen from there? Oh, and can I get one of those big pointy foam hands with `Go, Monster Trucks!' written on it? The general is on rare form, very rare form. Toby spots his hero. There he is. General George Miller.  Right, yep. There he is. Page 60 But the room is rapidly filling with bodies and din. More and more people are turning up. Toby's view of Miller is obscured. That's the second time in 24 hours I've had a partially obscured view of him. Linton calls the over-stuffed, standing-room-only room to order. Okay, due to the fact that seemingly everyone in the world who owns a suit has turned up for this meeting, we'll be relocating to a bigger room. Room 720. So, if you will be so kind... The committee members file out. Malcolm is legging it down the street. The committee members file in. Miller goes close up to Linton. Just so you know -- Karen and I did not appreciate having to sneak around like Mulder and Scully trying to find out about this committee. Well, you're both here now. John and Yoko. You and I need to talk, mano-a-mano, cocks on the block, about how things are operating around here at the moment. Linton not fazed by this. Sure. How about 12:30 tomorrow, my office? Page 61 Good. General Miller takes his seat. Linton turns on Adriano. What the hell happened? I have no idea how they all heard sir. There must have been a leak. General Miller is sitting next to Karen. They're watching Linton having angry words with Adriano. Look at Adriano. Poor fuck. He looks like he's with his Daddy: "Sorry, Bob, you're adopted. From a couple with hereditary heart defects." "And your mother only ever kept your baby clothes for the purposes of voodoo." Simon is sitting with Toby, marvelling at the numbers of people cramming into the room. I'm room meat again. This is a massive abattoir of room meat. Stay outside Tobes, I need a guy on the outside. Make friends with Chad, that boy from The Shining. He knows stuff. Pump him. Oh no. I want to stay in here with Miller. Don't make me pump Chad. I'm making you pump Chad. Go on. Toby gets up to leave. It'll be easy peasy lemon squeezy. No it won't. It'll be difficult difficult lemon difficult. Toby reluctantly leaves, trying to grab another peek at Miller. Page 62 Malcolm running like a madman. Everyone is finally assembled. The room has thirty or so people in it. So, welcome to this, somewhat engorged session of the Future Planning Committee. You can all see an agenda? People are looking at their agendas, low-level chatter, pouring of water, etc. - a general pre-meeting feel. Assistant Secretary -- here on point 6, it feels like there's an assumption that we'll be invading. Should we talk about the practical? I mean this is the war committee after all? It's the Future Planning Committee. Unofficially it's known as the war committee. Well, unofficially we can call anything whatever we like.  Unofficially, this is a shoe. But it's not a shoe, Karen, it's a glass of water, and this is the Future Planning Committee. Malcolm is running down the corridor. He runs into Room 712. It's empty. Bitch! Karen is talking. Page 63 But what I'm asking is has a decision been reached in principle to advocate invasion? That's way off agenda Karen. Although it would seem a general consensus may be forming. What makes you say that? Well I noted with interest the recent comments of our colleague Simon Foster in that regard. Simon is texting under the desk and not really paying full attention. He hears his name, looks up, waves to the group. He doesn't clock Karen's intense look that says `You are going to rebut that, aren't you?' Perhaps Mr. Foster would have something to say about that?  I'm just...watching with interest. IN Britain we have a saying for complicated situations such as this, which is that it's to say this) `Difficult, difficult, lemon, difficult.' He goes back to his text. As I say it seems a consensus is forming.  That's just ridiculous. You have no basis for saying that. Karen, please, calm down. We don't want you to have another hemorrhage. Item One. Page 64 INT. STATE DEPARTMENT - DAY It's lunchtime. Lots of staffers have left their desks. A few are eating sandwiches at their desks, or reading a newspaper during lunch. Chad is emailing, reading, multi- tasking, from a corner of desk near Linton's office. So - do you want to go out and get some lunch? Are you kidding? Lunchtime is work time. Yes, what an incredibly depressing motto. You see you're playing into the hands of the French saying that. Toby mooches around, peers in Linton's office. He spots a couple of A4 sheets of paper that have been printed out with `Climb the mountain of conflict!' across them as an encouraging slogan on the wall.  Jesus. Yeah work hours are too valuable - for networking. You gotta get in at like 6 work till 8.30 Then start making those connections baby. rapidly, annoyingly) Emails and admin at lunch. See if you can play some strategic racquetball through the pm. Then in the six till midnight slot chow down on some serious policy work. Right. And what - friends, family, novels, sexual inter-course you're going to save those for your thirties and forties? Malcolm arrives at the committee just as people are spilling out. He's pissed off. Follows Linton into bathroom. Are you fucking me about? Page 65 Mr Tucker, isn't it? Hello again. You might pull this kind of stunt on some young wank fresh up from Oklahoma, happy to be getting his hookers paid for by tobacco lobbyists, but not me. What seems to be the problem? I've just had a briefing from a 9-year- old finalist in Americas got talent. I think he may have been a ventriloquist. Or possibly the fucking dummie. AJ? He is one of my top guys. Stanton College Prep, Harvard...he's smart and he's great at his job. His fucking briefing notes were written in Alphabetti Spaghetti. When I left I nearly tripped over his umbilical cord. I'm sorry if it troubles you that our people achieve excellence at a young age. Simon is emerging. Linton takes Malcolm to one side, out of Simon's earshot. By the way, your prime minister informs me that he's tasked you with collating some fresh British intel for us. Yeah, apparently your fucking master race of gifted toddlers can't quit get the job done in between breast feeds and playing with their power rangers. So yeah, we're getting some actual grown-ups to bail you out. Simon gets closer. Linton moves in.  Minister, thank you so much for your support and your recent "Climb the mountain of conflict" comment - great. We're going to run with that, it has great repeatability. Page 66 Thanks very much, but...it's all a bit complex really, in terms of my... Linton pulls away, starts walking off. It's early days, my friend. All roads lead to Munich. He smiles and walks off. What the fuck does that mean? `All roads lead to Munich'? Well it just means...I guess, I don't know what it means. `All roads lead to Munich'? Malcolm is pissed off, looks around. He is not the centre of attention. He's feeling cut out. Come on let's go, get back to the hotel, nick as many coat hangers as you can. We're off back to London. Malcolm, Toby, and Simon are heading towards their car. They see the Washington Monument in the distance. It's beautiful. If you pull it out, America deflates. Don't mock that! The closest you'll come to getting one of those is buying a Toblerone.  Mark Hadley's dad's died. Oh no. Should we send Mark a card? Nah, I'll send him a ouija board so they can keep in touch. Page 67 So what are we getting back to? Apart from a nice cup of tea and some knife crime? Constituency surgery in Northampton. Great, meeting my constituents. It's like being Simon Cowell, but without the ability to say, `Fuck off, you're mental.' she's ushering them into the small, damp little constituency office. ROZ's arm is in a sling Scanlon's arm actually is in a sling) and she has difficulty opening the door  Sorry, could you...? You just need to kick the bottom quite hard. Simon kicks the bottom of the door to unstick it. Roz opens the door. There are a few constituents waiting to see Simon, he nods a hello. to Toby) Look at them. They all have that smell....like a charity shop, you know?  Afternoon! A couple of the waiting constituents respond. They go through to another little office. Right, here you go, you're pretty booked up - there's a list on the desk. I'm just going to have a look at the guttering. I'm just back from America, so it was pretty tough to make it up here - but you know. That's me. Of course. Right. How was the President? Page 68 She's heading off. Good actually. And what was the White House like? Blown up by spaceships. General Miller & Aides up stairs General Miller  marches into Linton and Karen's section of State. He's got a meeting scheduled. He's a man on a mission. He marches straight past Bob Adriano ...  Twelve-thirty. Um, hold on General ... And into Linton's office. But - it's empty. What the fuck? Yeah, Secretary Linton Barwick wanted me to let you know his last - meeting looks like it's over-running. He sends apologies. Miller stands there for a beat. Very very annoyed. He stood me up? They're better be a fucking good reason. Like he's dead. That is just plain fucking rude. I mean, how would he like it if I just did a big hairy shit on his desk? You're very w-welcome to wait, we have newspapers and periodicals? Page 69 He gestures to a seating area. Miller picks up a magazine. Rolls it up, looks at Bob Adriano. Might Miller, possibly, hit him? Yeah well excuse me if at this time of national crisis I don't sit with a thumb up my ass flipping through Time magazine eating pop tarts? quite sure where he's going, calls back as he goes) Tell him to call me. But he might not get through cos I'm a fucking busy man. He finds himself heading into Karen's office. It's empty. He stands there for a beat. Shuts the door. Looks around. Picks up a hole punch. Kicks the couch. Karen enters, surprised to find him there. Hey, what is it? Yeah - can I hang around in here for a while? Er. Sure. Why? Do I need a fucking reason?  Linton's playing me like a fucking turkey drumstick on a big bass drum. Look, I was going to order food, do you want to eat. Yeah. Order us some cute mammals. Alive. A lamb or a piglet so I can snap it's fucking neck. INT. CONSTITUENCY SURGERY - DAY Simon listens behind a desk. Roz is there taking notes. Toby is in the corner working on a laptop. Page 70 My point is - if the septic tank - if we didn't know it was there in the first place how can we be responsible for it now? Yes. No. I understand. It's under the communal drive. Why should we get it pumped? paperwork) Well it's not a council sceptic tank so they're not legally obliged to pump it... Look, according to the paperwork there's four metric tons of of shit under there. That's not all me, is it? I'm not a flipping elephant am I? No, of course not. Nor should you be treated like one. Okay, Mrs McDairmid. Leave it with me. I'm sure there must be a way through this. Alright? Mrs Kendrick heads out. Er, Colin Lowe. Jesus. Still on about bendy buses?  No. Tell him no. What else? Toby closes the laptop. Pauline Michaelson's son about the constituency office wall. Toby exits to get coffee as Roz brings in PAUL MICHAELSON.  Hi, thanks for seeing me Mr. Foster. Hi Paul, call me Simon. You've met Roz. Page 71 I know I have. Lovely. Okay, Simon, I'll try to keep it brief because I can see you're a busy man. There's a bloke out there wants to make it illegal to talk in a foreign language in shops. Yes, well, this place can become a magnet for the mentally dispossessed. And for sensible people like yourself, Paul. Patronising. Why don't you explain your issue, Mr Michaelson? I...sorry, is this a joke? How many times? For the fourth f...ing time.  The side wall. Of this property. Your wall. Is falling over. On to my mum's garden. She called you up - but she got fobbed off by your people. Because she's not Lord Snooty in his posh car. Because she's not Madonna on a horse. That...I agree, it's unacceptable. Toby comes back in, hands Simon a coffee. Do you know what this is? irritating) That's your constituency office hold music. I don't want it in my head, do I?  We did arrange to get a quote from a builder, but... Roz has a call on the landline. Page 72 Patch from London. They say it's urgent. Karen Clark? Is she the coracle woman? Right. Paul, I really need to take this, but I haven't forgotten about you, okay? No, well I'm not going anywhere, Simon. You won't be able to forget me because I'll be sitting here staring at you. Toby, can I hand Paul over to you? "Can I fob Paul off with you?" Simon goes elsewhere in the room to take his call. So, Paul, where are we up to?  I was out getting coffee. Sorry. He grabs a pen and paper.  Later. General Miller is with Karen. They're surrounded by cartons of Chinese take-out. paper) See, this is the problem with civilians wanting to go to war. When you've been there you don't want to go back unless you absolutely have to. It's like France. folder) You finally read Liza's paper? Course, I read it. I'm a voracious reader. I'm the fucking Gore Vidal of the Pentagon.  You don't want that? Page 73 Yes I want that.  I want that, that, that, that and that. Those I don't care about. And these let's pack up and drop on North Korea.  Someone should leak this. Outside Liza sees them discussing her paper animatedly. It doesn't look good to her. Someone maybe shaped a little bit like you. Me? Are you kidding? You have more gravitas. Exactly. I'm too senior. I can't leak. Leaking is for people like your Liza and the Boy called It out there.  It's insane. Not only is the case against war incredibly strong, the case for is caveated to hell.  "Most analysts believe the state is looking to expand aggressively beyond its borders..." Then here in the caveats, the only source is `Ice Man' - a possible alcoholic - who's probably called that cos he gets through ten bags / icebergs a day in his fucking vodka tonics. INR say we can't trust him. That's us disputing our own findings. Has Linton read this? I'm not sure he reads. You're a General. Have him killed. You see this is why we never got together. That and the hobo teeth. Simon is talking to Karen. Page 74 This is a private call right -- unrecorded, secure line etc etc? Well, yeah. I mean, your lot are probably getting it somehow, but our lot shouldn't be. Paul Michaelson calls over. I'm still here, Simon. What's going on Simon? Departmental business. About a wall. Gaza? Uh-huh. What can I do for you? Where were you in the committee? I called for back-up, you sat there like a dumb sack of shit. Maybe worse, cos at a molecular level a bag of shit is probably fizzing with energy. Well - okay. Yes. Um. Well, I have to say Karen, I have a clear strategy here. I'm playing the long game. There is no long game. They've bounced us into a short game. You looked like a...what do you call it in England? A 'wanker We don't call it that, no... But she's gone. Toby's still talking to Paul the wall guy. Paul, look, mate... Page 75 Patronising. Sorry. But I'm on your side. I have to look after my Mum too. You do, or they get shafted don't they? So... Simon wants to talk. Roz takes over. I'm going to pursue this with, what do they call it? Extreme prejudice, to the very end. I can be enormously persistent. Ask my ex-girlfriend. Okay, well, I'll take your details. Roz leads Paul away That guy's a bit full-beam. Full-beam? Yeah, full-beam. Headlights. show what he means) I kept thinking, is he going to nut me. He appears not to be nutting me, but he might well nut me. So what did Karen Clark want? Do you think I came over as weak on the committee over there? Well, uh, no, of course not. I suppose - Simon's phone goes again. He winces picks up. Also - the war committee got leaked, and that leak came from your department. Page 76 I find that difficult to believe. I want action to be taken. I want a head. On a plate. To go. She hangs up.  You don't work here. You're not my boss. Fuck off. You can't make me sack people. Simon is getting into his office - he and Toby are back from the constituency office. We need to talk in my office. About what?  I think you know. A land line is ringing in the open plan office. Judy picks up. Simon has gone into his office and has assumed the bollocking position.  Sorry, this is the wrong extension. I'll put you through now. Judy punches a button on her phone. Toby's land line starts ringing. Simon comes out. office) Come, come into my office. Why? Why do you need to see me?  What's this? Page 77 It's the mad man about the wall. The war? The wall. exasperated) Can you come into my office so I can tell you off? Toby answers his phone, resigned. Hello. Can I help you? Malcolm sweeps in, straight past Toby, slapping him on the back of the head as he passes. You fucker.  No, not you. Malcolm pushes Judy back into Simon's office as she's leaving it, Simon behind Judy walks backwards to his desk, the three of them in a line. Malcolm shuts the door and unleashes a torrent of abuse we can't hear. Wall man Paul is on the phone, standing with a JOURNALIST by the offending wall, now badly propped up. The journalist is taking notes and photographs. What can I do for you Paul? These `temporary buttresses' you got put up. Right? They're basically a pair of twigs. Thin twigs. Page 78 I'm sure they're not twigs. No they're twigs.  Are you getting a picture of those twigs? That wall could fall on my mum and crush her. Do you know how old she is?  Mum, how old are you? I want to tell the newspaper guy. Sixty. During this conversation Malcolm arrives. I want a word with the minister and Charlotte Fucking Bronte. You're never fucking sixty. You're older than that. Sixty. How old are you really? I'm sixty. If it's going in a newspaper, I'm sixty. Fuck off are you sixty. Olivia Newton- John's fucking sixty. And she's not on the statins, is she? Could you tell your mum to stay away from the wall just for the time being? She needs to get to her plants.  She has to water them. Plants need water. No, sure, but could she use a hose, from a distance? She doesn't have a hose, she's got a watering can. This is like talking to a brick wall about a brick wall.  Get that down, that's gold. Toby can still see Malcolm going ballistic at Simon and Judy in Simon's office. Page 79 Karen runs out of the lifts. There's even more of a buzz than usual, people running around. She sees Bob Adriano, Linton and Chad in a huddle in Linton's air. Hurries over to Liza. Liza, what's up? Why is everyone running around? This better be a fucking fire drill. The President has said he's vetoing tarrifs on Chinese auto imports. Shit. Karen calls over to a staffer, ABBEY. Abbey, get me the president's statement. Mr Barwick has asked me to... Karen is   beginning to lose it. You work to me, Abbey, you fucking work to me. Get me the statement. Or I will call security and have you escorted off the premises via the window. Karen crosses quickly to her office. Liza follows. Sorry, why is that...? He's...what, buttering the Chinese up? He needs them to at least abstain in the security council. A beat. We're going to the UN. Yes, we're going to the UN. Shit. Page 80 Karen kicks a waste-paper basket. I should be told this fucking stuff! I'm going into Linton's office and pulling the pin on his grenade. Don't do that. I'm fucking joking. Oh. Why didn't you know about this? Well since I created the budget deficit the President doesn't tend to run things by me anymore. Don't get funny with me. I am not in the mood. No. I'm getting that. Malcolm is with Simon and Toby. Malcolm has a local Northamptonshire paper.  "While Foster jets around at the taxpayer's expense, his constituency headquarter's wall's collapsing and he doesn't give a shit. It doesn't say that.  No but it says `Wall-ace and Gromitt' Wall-ace though? Page 81 You are being portrayed as the biggest twat in Northamptonshire, and that's going some. It is just a wall, Malcolm. Listen, my little stem cell, I don't want to be dealing with this either, okay? I've got bigger fucking fish to fry, believe me. I'm rolling blue whales in breadcrumbs at the moment. I'm giving this to Jamie. Oh great. The crossest man in Scotland. Jamie enters, holding another local rag. Well, if it isn't Humpty-Numpty... What is this, surround bollocking? With respect, I haven't finished. If it isn't Humpty-Numpty, sitting on top of a collapsing wall like some clueless egg- cunt. Hi Jamie. Hello. Okay, that's enough of the fucking Oxbridge pleasantries. How is saying "hello" a...  Shut it, Love, Actually, or I'll hole- punch your face. Right, I'm off to deal with the fate of the planet, okay? Simon, Toby and Jamie look at him. Page 82 Don't look at me like that's arrogant. That is just a fucking fact. Don't even look at me.  Be gentle with them. You know me, Malcy, kid gloves.   Made from real kids. Malcolm leaves. An awkward beat. Right, Butch and Gaydance, this wall story is playing badly.  Look, here's a cartoon of you as a walrus. A walrus? I'm not fat. I don't even have a moustache. Look...we hired some builders. They didn't turn up when they said they would. They're builders. What did you expect?! Have you ever seen a film where the hero is a builder? No. Because they never turn up in the fucking nick of time.That's why you never see a superhero with a hod. Simon and Judy on their way into the foreign office. Malcolm has gone in ahead. Suzy chatting on the stairs with Toby. Simon draws Judy to one side. This is all getting...this is a really stressful job, you know that? Oh come on, you're not a brain surgeon, you're not a snooker player ... I don't want to back a war, Judy. Page 83  Oh. Right. A beat. Look, drop some hints, put some nods and winks out there, that I'm toying with resignation. Yeah? See if the PM reacts. See how it plays. Put out some winks? And nods. Big nods? No, no, just sort of...  That sort of size nod. Judy nods. No, not that much. No, I was just nodding normally to say I understood the need for a small nod. Oh. Good. They head in. In a nice room. Malcolm is with Michael, Suzy and a couple of other civil servants. So, my lovely friends, bottom line... I hate that phrase. We're not in retailing Sorry Michael, I promise never to use it again.  Page 84 Bottom line, is that the President is going to the UN, and the PM would like us to join him. This will be the voe to commence military action. So, Rob, Innis,  Little Bo Cock Jockey  And the leaky fucking mingebox, return to your desks and prepare for some extreme briefing. Two CIVIL SERVANTS get up and exit. Judy walks across the room and starts making calls, as does Toby. Michael walks off into the next room, Suzy follows. They start calling. Now then, you still got doubts, Complicated Simon? What the fuck, Malcolm. This is all going to spin along from here and we have a vote and we go to war. We fight people, and kill them, and our kids get killed, and that's exactly the sort of thing I didn't want to do when I went into politics. That's the opposite of what I want to be doing. That's why you've got to stay in Government. In here you can influence things, delay things. Out there you're just another mad shouty fucker people don't want to make eye-contact with. Remember Mary? She took a stand over Health. Everyone decided she was mental. Only because the Sun showed a photo of her with wide eyes and her head on a cow. I found that a very powerful image.  Look, the Prime Minister of this country is not a Viking. He doesn't drink blood, he doesn't go round biting tramps. He doesn't go to Chequers at the weekend for a bit of light raping and a pub lunch. I know the Prime Minister isn't a Viking, Malcolm. Unlike me, the man abhors physical violence.  Page 85 He's a grade A fucking pussy and he knows you have similar concerns and he wants your input on this. Yeah? Where's the intelligence? Where's the hard evidence? Listen, We've got evidence harder than a diamond dildo. We have intelligence so deep and hard it would fucking puncture your kidneys.There's an informant, `Ice Man', OK? The stuff he's giving us? It'll make your blood run cold. And clot. Your insides will turn to black pudding.  ...now, certain box-lickers are sitting on it. But you're going to see it, because the PM regards you as a key player now. Judy's mobile goes. Judy Molloy?  Ten minutes. Thanks.  Prime Minister wants to speak to you in ten minutes, Simon. He want you to go the UN. Malcolm's heading out. See- you're A-list now. You're a Kennedy. In the VIP lounge, with the gold card and the complimentary drinks and the hard-on. Malcolm leaves. A beat.  Show me the evidence, Malcolm, that's my fucking bottom line. So do you still want...nods and winks? Simon nods a little nod. Then shakes his head slightly. Then nods a slight nod again. Suzy, Michael and Judy are having a drink in a pub. Maybe they're sitting in a four seater booth? Page 86 Their phones are on the table. As is a bottle of Sancerre. Judy's got her power walking trainers on and her rucksack with her. Cheers everyone. Here's to surviving another day. They clink glasses. My theory is Malcolm built Jamie in a lab out of bits of old psychopath. Toby arrives, dumps his coat, bag, puts his phone on the table. Hello ladies. And gentleman.  Hello ladies. I'm just going to - Oh. Lovely. I think we could have another bottle of Sancerre. Great. If you can afford it. If you can get served at the bar. He goes to the bar. His phone gets a text. Suzy picks it up, reads it. Fucking hell. Here we go again. Fucking arsehole. You're kidding? What's it say?  Woah! Suzy shows the phone to Judy. What a twat.  What are you doing? Are you replying? Page 87 Suzy's texting on Toby's mobile. Toby's coming back. Suzy puts the phone back down. Yeah I wouldn't want to meet Jamie in a dark alley. Or a bright alley. The whole thing of just being in an alley with him would be scary, regardless of the lighting. Suzy cuts in. You've got a text.  Oh yeah. It's just Rob about football. So, Liza. You shagged her? What? No.  Did you know my flakey boyfriend has been getting his flakey end away? I don't know anything about his flakey end. Could we not talk about accusations and, health issues, in the pub? I should go. You haven't finished your drink. No. I mainly have. Why did you do it? I don't know, it was a weird, intense time over there. It was...maybe, subconsciously, I don't know, it was a kind of last ditch attempt to stop this, awful...war. Page 88 A beat. Michael and Judy dissolve into laughter. That's classic. That's definitely going in the memoirs. You had sex because of the war? In the broad sense.  Sorry, can you stop doing that? Can we go somewhere where they're aren't enormous children eating snacks? I should go. Actually I'll go. She goes. Toby goes after her.  Shall we stay? I should go. I've got a long walk ahead of me. But that'll keep me going. Toby lets himself into the flat. Goes through to the kitchen. Suzy is there with Michael. What the fuck is he doing here? What?! What the fuck are you doing here? Well I live here. No you don't actually.  I'll go make that tea. Suzy and Toby go into the kitchen.  Well, if I'm leaving, I'm taking my brie.  Page 89 And the port. And my Nando's peri-peri sauce. They go back out into the living room. Don't forget your hydrocortisone. You putting this in your memoirs as well? I should go. No, it's fine. Stay. Toby is in the bedroom. A few boxes are lying around. He's putting clothes into bin liners. Suzy is hovering. Michael brings through some teas. The atmosphere is very frosty and awkward. Where's my needlecord jacket? Your geography teacher's jacket? Toby thinks better of responding. Starts folding some shirts. Michael takes over That's not how you fold. Michael, this is one of the more humiliating moments of my life. I can pack a bag. The key to travelling is packing. I'm not going to fucking Fiji Michael, I'm being chucked out of my house. It'll save time the other end. There is no other end. Toby moves through to the kitchen to get his jeans. Suzy and Michael follow. Page 90 Has she got big tits? Massive. Enormous. You can see them on Google Earth. They've got their own postcode. Toby gets his jeans and some other clothes. He's laden down with boxes and bags and can hardly see. Comes out into the hall. Suzy is there without Michael. See you then. Okay. Toby struggles to open the front door. Suzy opens it. Toby goes to leave then stops. Look, Suzy, this is probably going to sound odd under the circumstances. Quickie? No. Thank you. But no. It's about Liza. Oh good tell me more, tell me more about her tits. Listen, Suze, Liza wrote a paper, Pwip- Pip. I think, if it got leaked, it could stop the war. He holds out the memory stick. Good tactic. Get earnest. I tried that with the wife. Didn't work. You are such a fucking coward, you know that? And this is what? A make up leak? Does such a thing exist? Page 91 Toby, take your rubbish clothes and your back issues of Mojo, your flute, and your eighth of dope and leave me the fuck alone. Toby leaves the memory stick in the flat. Then heads out. Simon, Toby and Judy are on the way to Heathrow. Should I resign? I've floated that I might, when I thought I wouldn't, so it'll look convincing if I did. I mean, do you think, is it braver to just resign and say, `No, no war'? Yes. Or is it actually braver to say, `I don't agree, but I'm going to grit my teeth and get on with it?' Is the really brave thing actually doing what you don't believe? No. Though -- maybe? What's brave about doing the `right thing'? Nothing. Doing the wrong thing is braver. In a way. I mean, you know, wars sometimes work. The War of Independence, that worked. For the Americans. Second World War. That was a good idea. I mean not a good idea but ... I know what you mean. And the Crimean War -- we got nurses out of that. Nurses are good. something) Exactly. So...right. Exactly. So you're not resigning? Page 92 No, I.. where's Malcolm? Judy, Simon and Toby are walking past a baggage carousel.  In the motorcade. Let's get a car without Judy. You want hookers? You like hooky fucky? I want to talk about the resigning thing. Still? But with you and not her. She has this air of moral righteousness that inhibits you from... saying anything morally wrong. Simon and Toby looking very uptight. Malcolm's with them.  So. The wires are all currently reporting that you're going to resign from government over the war. What? That wasn't supposed to get outside. Yeah well it is outside. It's lurking outside like a big hairy rapist at a coach station. Simon looks to Toby for help. Do you know, if I could I'd punch you into total paralysis. Page 93 INT. UN BUILDING - DAY Malcolm, Simon, Toby and Judy are being led through a bleak, soulless basement corridor in the UN by Sir Jonathan Tutt, the British ambassador to the UN. Hello, gentlemen, Sir Jonathan Tutt. This is it. The United Nations. It's all a bit `blurrrgh', isn't it? It could do with a few more scatter cushions and a bit less asbestos. I don't know what you were expecting -- Jacobean panelling perhaps, arabesques of stonework tracery... great fountains... It's a shithole. It looks like a hospice for robots. They pass a big office. Linton Barwick is in there. Karen Clark is there. You're right here. Sir Jonathan shows them to their office. If you need anything, just whistle. You know how to whistle don't you Malcolm? You just put your lips together and blow. Malcolm and Toby look at one another. Right. I'm off upstairs to the informal delegates' reception. Hope there's nibbles, I'm ravenous. Sir Jonathan leaves. Nibbles? Who still says nibbles? Fuck the nibbles, what was with the homoerotic tension? Malcolm gets a call. Page 94 Jamie. Hello? He looks at his phone. No fucking signal down here. Jesus. I'd be better off in an internet cafe in Kircoddy. He leaves the room. Jamie is on the phone, running down a corridor. Okay, your phone's off, which means you've been shot dead by a fat American, but there's been a fucktastrophe. Someone's leaked Liza Weld's Pwip Pip paper to the BBC. I reckon it'll be on the Six O'Clock news here, one o'clock your time, so it's going to fist your fucking vote apart. Missing you loads, pwip-pip, toodle-oo! Malcolm finishing listening to his voicemail, dialling and running back into the building, pushing past a crowd of smokers at the doorway. Okay Jamie, two jobs. One: find the Pwip Pip leaker and kill them. That's one job. Job one has two parts. Job two: stop Pwip Pip coming out. Sow enough seeds of fear and doubt that the fat arses at the BBC dither till after the vote, okay? After the vote Enola Gay is cleared for take- off and everything is groovy.   I love you. Lots of delegates drinking and eating and chatting. We glimpse Linton, Karen, General Miller. Sir Jonathan is there, mingling. Malcolm approaches Simon, Toby, Judy and Sir Jonathan. Page 95  Do not move from this spot or I'll fucking stab you. Hm?  Was it you? No, what? No. But you know what I'm talking about? No, but whatever it was I didn't do it.  Was it you, The-Baby-From-Eraserhead? No.  So it must have been you Woman from The Crying Game? It wasn't me. You've really got it in for me haven't you? Someone's dropped a bollock in the noodles and I reckon it was you. We've done this all before. You accused me of leaking last time and it wasn't me. Yeah well I know you didn't leak last time. But what I reckon is you got so pissy about being accused, you leaked this time. Yeah. Yeah, that does sound possible. Look Springer Spaniel, keep your little wet nose out alright? Page 96 I'm just saying psychologically speaking that sounds plausible - that you might build up a resentment and then pay it off in some underhand way. That's just something I've observed. Malcolm's had enough goes over and grabs Sir Jonathan, mid-conversation, and manhandles him away. Come on, Baldermort, I need a word. Meanwhile Judy and Toby are left alone - Toby embarrassed about his comments.  Sorry about that - it's just ...  something I've observed. Wanker. It's okay. It's fine. It's probably just the stress of this awful, awful war. Malcolm drags the ambassador into a corner. We're in a new reality now and You've got to speed things up. What things? Speed up what? The debate. It needs to start at eleven o'clock, not one thirty. Hehe. Can I perhaps briefly explain the way the process works? And why that isn't possible? You see through that door there are a number of secretariats that are currently doing what we call the washing up now... Just fucking do it, fishlips. Otherwise you'll find yourself in some medieval warzone in the Caucasus with your arse in the air, trying to persuade a group of men in balaclavas that sustained sexual violence is not the way forward. Page 97 No, it can't be. I mean it could be done, it just can't. Then I'll do it.  They're through there? Yes but you can't go in, that would be a serious breach of protocol ... He's blocking Malcolm. Malcolm grabs his hand. Then you do it. Get in there. He is almost man-handling him in. I'm not dancing with you Malcolm. I'm leading, look follow my lead. You're not dancing me into the secretariat! Jonathan breaks off and under his own steam prepares to go in. As Malcolm is leaving Miller blocks his path. Where's the intel? Are you sure you're working as hard as me? Cos I'm sweating spinal fluid here. I'm a husk. You get everything you need?  Oh yeah I think so. Thanks.  Oh, Whoa whoa whoa just a wee moment General Flintstone. Was it you? Did you leak Pwip Pip? I know you can't fire a gun, but can you use a fax? No, see, because I'm upfront about what I do. I don't creep around like some fucking gay mercenary doing other people's dirty work. Page 98 I'm doing my own work. I'm doing my job. Uh-hu. I think you're doing Linton's dirty work. I think you're his English bitch and if I walked into your hotel room tonight I'd find you on all fours in fishnets and him hanging out the back of you. Oooo. Tough talk from the armchair General. What you going to do? Throw a cushion at me? Put your feet up on a poof and go back to sleep why don't you? Listen, Tucker, you may be some scary poodlefucker back in London, but here? You know what you look like? A fucking squeezed dick. You got a blue vein running all the way up to your temple there. That's where I'd put the fucking bullet. But I'd stand well back. You look like you'd be a squirter. Have you ever even killed anybody? Really? Yep. Falling asleep on someone doesn't count.  I've done my share. How many you kill, pussy drip? Personally, I prefer maiming. Go on, tough guy, take a swing at me. I'll smack you so fucking hard you'll be shitting teeth. Go ahead. I can see the headlines now. 'Peace-Loving General Starts Fight In UN, Swiss Intervene'. I don't know, I'm no expert on spin but could that hurt your career? Page 99 They eyeball each other. Is Miller going to hit him? He doesn't. Right. Do excuse me. I've got work to do. Oh, and don't EVER call me fucking English again. Sir Jonathan walks in. A lot of faces are turned towards him, expectantly. Hello everyone. I was wondering if I might suggest a cheeky early vote? Bit of an adventure. Maybe, we could knock off early, go for a drink? Ha. I'm kidding. Or am I? No, I am. Karen and Miller are looking at a computer screen, presumably reading about Simon's floated resignation.  There it is. Simon's going. Everyone's saying he's going. Simon passes their open door.  Simon! There he is! Simon.  This is great shit. I wasn't sure you had the nerve. You're resigning? Ah okay. They're not running with that? I have not said that. You're not resigning? You're still playing the hawk? It's much subtler than that. It's nuanced. I'm playing a much cleverer game than that. I'm a  fake hawk. Page 100 I'm sorry?  Fake hawk. You're a fake hawk? You're a fucking idiot. You're not a fake idiot are you. Karen and Miller go into a confab. Karen and Miller immediately go into a huddle and start planning Simon's future. Simon's not there) We could just tell the press he's going anyway. Say he's confirmed to us that he's resigning. Sorry? I second that. What? You can't. Do we announce it before or after the vote? During. Then he can't do anything about it. Great. That's decided then. No. No it's bloody not. I'm - me. You're not me. I decide about all the main things about me, okay? Not you. Me. No. No Simon. I'm afraid not. Not on this one. This is too big for you. Be realistic. You're being used. We all are. The one thing we can do now to influence things is to resign. Sacrifice ourselves. That's our only weapon. Page 101 Like a suicide bomber? No, not like a suicide bomber. A suicide bomber gets to make a decision. Toby and Liza are sitting near each other on the floor working on laptops. They're at right-angles to each other. Toby has a view of Liza. She's facing away from him. Listen, I'm really sorry about Suzy and the texting and ... Good. Thanks. Do you have figures there for CFE minimum requirements? Er? Conventional Forces in Europe. Sure. I'll just dig that out. then very quietly) Look it was a very special evening for me and ...  Sorry? What? You're mumbling. I just wandered if tonight when all this shit is over we couldn't - you know. You're single. I'm single now. You're a woman. I'm not. You want to have sex again? It's not a terrible idea is it? One more. For the Gipper? You know what a douchbag is Toby? You're a douchbag on fucking wheels. Page 102 Thanks. That was short and sweet. Well, short and sour. Simon is sitting in the Meditation Room, a stark chapel- like room with a big piece of granite in the middle of it. He's biting his nails, thinking. Judy comes in. You okay? I'm thinking of becoming a suicide bomber. That's certainly a very powerful way of getting your point across. He pulls out some mints. Would you like a mint? I'm okay thanks. Are you thinking to overdose on mints? Because... Simon eats a mint. He's lost in his own world. Staring, maybe slightly nodding at the thoughts in his own head. Do you like me Judy? You're my boss. Yeah, but do you actually like me. A beat. Sure. Look, I'll leave you to your thoughts. Page 103 I haven't got any thoughts. I'm just staring vacantly into space while a distant voice in the back of my head goes "oh shit" like a car alarm in the middle of the night. Simon eats another mint. Sits there noisily sucking it. Judy leaves. Michael and Suzy are sitting talking in an FO office. Jamie bursts in. Was it you? Sorry? Not you. I know it wasn't you, you're too fucking horny for your Knighthood.  Was it you? Was what me? Was it fucking you!? Answer the question! She can't very well answer the question if you don't tell her what it is, can she? Fuck off to your room, Count of Cunty Cristo, this is between me and her.  You leaked Liza Weld's paper to the BBC. Tell me you leaked it. I didn't leak anything. I don't know what you're talking about. You're lying. You touched your nose. That's what's called a `tell'. You are lying. Page 104 No I'm not. `No I'm not.' That's a tell as well. Classic.  I know the leak came from here, from this fucking fax machine here. He pushes a fax casually off the table onto the floor. This is what I'm doing to the machine. start to break off, but he's still quite controlled talking, as he kicks more) You see? This is how angry I am with the piece of office equipment which leaked this document, so can you imagine how angry I am with the person who did it? Yeah? Can you Suzy? He kicks the fax machine again. It was me. Oh fuck off. Don't come over all Spartacus now. I leaked it. What? Advances on Michael, becomes aware of the music. Jamie points to the CD player. Okay for a start turn that fucking row off. It's just fucking vowels. Listen to it. Just subsidised fucking foreign vowels. You only listen to that shit because it's bad form to actually wear a big hat that says "I went to private school". Michael doesn't turn it off, so Jamie does. Who did you leak it to? Page 105 I just sent it. I thought it was important so I sent it through.  Ok. See this fax machine? That's your career. I'm pretty sure it's fucked. Let me just check . Yeah, it is. Plus, breach of Official Secrets, so that's fucking swannee. Maybe you can get a part time job in West End as a gentleman's fluffer. Or whatever the fuck they call it these days. Jamie is heading off. Well, you know -- better to go out with a bang... No, no. I will not allow this to be a bang. This will be a whimper, a tiny pathetic whimper like a puppy being fucked by a big metal puppy-fucking machine. And they do exist, `cos my gran's got one. Jamie leaves. Malcolm and Linton enter. We see Simon's mints lying on the big stone in the middle of the room. So we're down to the wire here, Mr Miracle Worker, what have you got for me? What intel have you rustled us up? Honestly? I haven't got it. We need more time. You haven't got it? Can you delay the vote to give you time to get it? No. I've had the vote brought forward. Simon comes in to retrieve his mints. Just getting my mints. Page 106 I am telling you to delay the vote and get me some new intel. Now. Okay, quick reality check, J Edgar Fucking Hoover. I don't work for you. You don't tell me what to fucking do. Well firstly, don't raise your voice. This is a sacred space. You may not believe that, I may not believe that, but by God it's a useful hypocrisy. And secondarily you do work for me. Your prime minister instructed you to work for me. Malcolm glances at Simon. Get your Polos and fuck off. Simon stays where he is. Linton starts laughing. Toby enters, watches in amazement. The great Malcolm Tucker. One of your guys has leaked a paper, you can't do anything. We tell you to get intel, you can't do anything. I need the vote put back - you can't do anything. You, sir, are a useless piece of `S' star star `T'. A beat.  What do you want? We've just heard -- the wall's starting to collapse. A brick has fallen. That's the news I'm getting. More to follow. Both news and bricks. Linton laughs again. Why don't you deal with that Tucker? A wall is falling down, that's more your level. I can see you with your shirt off and a wheelbarrow whistling a happy song. Linton walks out. Page 107 You've been working for him? It's complicated, okay? I've been juggling a number of responsibilities. Simon stares at Malcolm. He takes a mint and pops it in his mouth. Okay, well, right, after the vote, I resign. Look. It's too late now. Resigning. It's not worth it. The horse has bolted. It's out there getting shot now. I'll see you later, Malcolm. Simon exits.  If you repeat this to anyone I will pull your leg off, break it in two and stab you to death with your broken shin bone. Now go away. Toby leaves. Malcolm sits down, head in his hands. The delegates are still mingling. Toby is there now. Toby's phone goes. He answers.  Suzy, how's it going? Has Jamie been round? Right... Liza comes over. This is you, isn't it?  This is me, yes. And that's you. I thought we had this worked out.   Page 108 Sorry Suze I've got an incoming call, I'll ring back for a further bollocking. I've got something big lined up and you better not have fucked it up for me. Liza leaves.  Hello? Oh hi, Paul. How's it going? No, yes, I know the wall is collapsing. I'm as frustrated as you are mate. The Vice President starts to walk by. Toby sees him, wants to shake his hand. Look, could I call you back Paul? It's just the Vice President's ... I couldn't? No, okay, let's keep talking... The Vice President has gone. INT. FOREIGN OFFICE - SAME TIME Michael and Suzy in Michael's office, classical music in the background. Michael's clearing his desk, putting stuff in boxes. Jamie bursts in on Michael and Suzy, his phone still on. Right, Frank and Nancy Sinatra. I've got good news. You're not fired. That's great news, isn't it? That sounds ominous. He's fucking delighted.  We want to put Liza Weld's Pwip Pip out there, properly. In the public domain. We just have to refine it a bit. Refine it? Take out the cons, change the name of the main informant. That's a complete fabrication. Page 109 Changing his name doesn't make a difference. The main source in there he's not really called Ice Man, is he? "Mr and Mrs Man, you've got a son, Ice." So we change it, to another name. Who's the fuck with the fiddle? The Fiddlefuck. This is Debussy, if that's what you mean. Okay, we'll call him Debussy. No. And then you'll make a couple of other changes. It'll mean your fingerprints are on it, Mikey, but it's the only way to save your job, you leaky fuck. Michael is now scared of what he's being asked to do. It wasn't me, Jamie, alright? It wasn't me. Don't make me do this. Someone else must have come in and used the fax machine. What? Oh, that thing about your fax? Don't worry about that. I made that up. The paper was sent by e-mail. It;s just, the fax machine was there and it;s easier to kick. Michael looks at Suzy. She doesn't know what to say or do.  Come on Deuce Bigalow. You're coming with me. He drags Michael out of the office. On the closed door of the Meditation Room. Malcolm suddenly bursts out, re-energised, ready for action. He's in the middle of a call. Page 110 Yeah, BBC newsdesk please. Malcolm Tucker.  Ben? Hi, how you doing? Yeah, well, I'm hearing you're preparing a story that we might not like. One of the doors he pushes open has a coffee machine in it. Toby is there getting a coffee. Malcolm gestures to him to come along. Toby joins Malc in his jog through the corridors, spilling his coffee on his hands as he goes and scalding himself. I just want to say please, this garden wall story, please don't run with it. getting this?) Simon Foster's constituency-office wall? You've got that haven't you? I haven't let the cat out of the bag? Shit. Look, my reputation will be in tatters if you run with...  And he's gone. Boo hoo. I've got a hard on. Can we stop running because my hands are really rather badly burned now. They stop. I know it was you who leaked Linton's War Committee. Oh? Right.  It wasn't? Are you telling me it wasn't you? Is that your proposition? Is that want you want to say if I ask them to fly you to Diego Garcia and slip a hood over your head and carry out a cavity search?  I don't actually recall. It was a busy time. That's more like it. So...you are now on probation. Okay?  Page 111 I am giving you a probationary period, which will last from today...until the end of recorded time. Okay. You're my guy now. I own you now. You're my Kunte Kinte. Go and get your laptop. Toby goes. Malcolm pushes open another door. Sir Jonathan Tutt is in there. Ah, ambassador -- with your big baldy head you are spoiling us. Good, I've been looking for you. I needed to tell you that by a huge personal effort -- huge --I have managed to bring the vote forward by an hour and a half. Great. I need it delayed now. Very funny. That is funny. By an hour, at least. Although I guess two and a half hours now, as you've brought it forward. No, I'm sorry I'm very sorry but I won't humiliate myself again. You do what I say or you can go and see if Belize are looking for a new ambassador but with a broken nose, one bollock, and a half-chewed cock. Sir Jonathan walks in. A lot of faces are turned towards him, expectantly. Right. What can I say? ...... Page 112 Jamie has taken Michael into a tiny windowless office. Michael's hunched at his laptop, looking at the Pwip-Pip document on his computer. Jamie stands right over him, ominously.  This is nice isn't it? Cosy. Away from prying eyes. So what's this, your political wet-room? Jamie's phone goes. Toby is standing in front of Malcolm, holding his laptop up for Malcolm to look at and a physical copy of the red Pwip-Pip folder. He's also got the Pwip-Pip file on screen. Is it up, have you got it up? Yeah it's all fine. Okay, go to page nine, highlight that.  Go to page nine. Michael does. Highlight from that page to the end of the document. Do you mean select? I don't know I don't use these things.  Select page nine to the end of the document. Page 113 The caveats? Michael does it. Is it highlighted? You mean selected, yeah it's selected. Okay, right, standby ... delete!  Delete!  You can't just delete the arguments against the war. Michael stops what he's doing.  Messenger! Get Messenger up! Toby sticks Pwip-Pip in his mouth so he's got a hand free to initiate MSN messenger. Oh hang on Malc. Michael's stopped moving. I think he's crashed. Malcolm types something on the laptop while Toby holds it up for him. Have you tried hitting him? Give him a thump, that usually works. Hang on, I think I might be able to use manual over-ride. Jamie picks up Michael's hand and pulls out his index finger and places it on the delete key. No, it's okay. It's working again. Great. Now attach that to email. Page 114  Attach that to an email.  Right, let's find a printer. The Japanese, they'll have one. They've got everything. Malcolm approaches Toby. Get me a blue folder. Where from? I don't fucking know. Do I look like I've ever set foot in a stationary cupboard? I do my shagging in five star hotels. Now go and find me a blue fucking folder. Pronto. Toby runs off. Malcolm walks in. He holds up his blue folder. The intelligence your guys couldn't find? I think you owe me a massive, grovelling apology. What, you did your job? Eventually? Congratulations. Maybe they'll give you a knighthood. It's been   a pleasure working with you. You know,   I've met some psychos in my time, but   none as fucking BORING as you. Oh sorry,   that's right. You disapprove of swearing.   A boring F star star CUNT! Malc hands over the folder and walks out. Page 115 Linton, with Adriano now back beside him AND LIZA, is waiting for hush from the assembled US delegation, including Miller. Welcome aboard Liza. By the way, congratulations on Pwip Pip. Excellent work. Really? I don't know. I haven't read it personally. No time. But it certainly raised your profile. No. That old thing? That was like a thousand years ago. More maybe. Terrific.  So, I'll keep this brief and   to the point. We go in, we make our   case using the new British intelligence   from their source `Debussy', we win the   argument, we get the hell out. The delegation starts filing out. The Brit delegation are gathered round a screen in a corridor showing the main debating chamber. The mood is sombre.  Resolution 5977 is passed. Judy looks at Malcolm. Malcolm looks straight ahead at the screen, nods, impassive. Yup. That's that then. "That's that then"? That's your quote for the ages is it? Page 116 What? 'And I remember the moment war was declared. I turned to the Minister and he said "That's that, then. Anyone want a mint?". Piss off, Toby. The mood is quietly buzzy. Job well done. Liza is there too. We did it Bob! Yes sir! There were moments when it was a little hairy ... No there weren't, no. They shake hands with various colleagues. A TV shows BBC News 24's report on the vote. Jamie is stroking Michael's hair in a sweet and therefore very very scary way. Michael's staring ahead pretending it isn't happening.  Well done Michael. You did a good job. You did a really, really good job. INT. UN OFFICE - DAY Karen enters. Chad is there too with General Miller. So, I emailed my resignation ten minutes ago.  Yours should come right after the President's announcement, to have the biggest media impact. Page 117 I've been thinking Karen. This has been the hardest fucking decision of my political life. I'm not resigning. What the fuck George. Seriously? You said that the war was intolerable and we'd go together. It is - it is intolerable. I still agree with myself about that. But I've got to tolerate it. My loyalty is with the kids. At the end of the day I'm a soldier. You're not a soldier. Look at the uniform, Karen. I'm not a pastry chef. I have military commendations on my chest, not a little fucking label saying My Name Is George. You're a politician. You live on canapes and white wine and you have three anecdotes you wheel out at every party and you scour the national papers for mentions of your name. You're a fucking politician. I'm still a soldier. When was the last time you shot a guy? What, if I haven't shot a guy in 15 years then I'm not a soldier? City hall don't insist I bring along a fucking bullet- ridden corpse every five years to renew my soldier licence. You know this is an unnecessary war. It's a war you don't believe in. Show me some balls, George. I know I've got balls, I don't need to show them to you. Page 118 Oh sure, It just so happens they're sitting pretty in a pair of Egyptian cotton Ralph Lauren shorts on a Government salary. Don't talk about my fucking balls that way. My balls have been around. My balls have got balls. Come on Chad, let's leave the General and his over-stuffed scrotum. We're going to draft our resignation announcements. Karen turns away from him. Er, I might, stay with the General actually Karen, if that's okay? If he's staying I might stay with him and see what assistance I can furnish. Okay. General Shrek and his faithful talking donkey. She goes. This takes balls Karen. You've got balls Sir. Anyone can see you've got big balls. They're two-thirds of a snowman. Get the fuck away from me. Miller walks off. Okay. This was not the plan. Simon's on the phone to the wall man. No, you're right. I am a piss-brain. That's the perfect word, Mr Michaelson. Your mother came up with it? Well congratulate her from me. I am a piss- brain for letting this happen. Page 119 Simon sees Malcolm coming along. Starts to head back into the shared office. He rings off, Malcolm catches up with him in the office Simon, look, mate. Listen to me. You still don't need to resign. No. I'm going to resign, Malcolm. In a hour. You can't stop me now. Toby comes over. Boss? Yes?                               Yes? It's on the BBC News website -- Partial collapse of the wall. Mrs Michaelson's greenhouse has a smashed pane. The BBC had a crew down there. God, and that's NEWS. Ridiculous, isn't it? It's nor Ridiculous. You're fired. What? The wall. It's just not tolerable. It's just a fucking wall. Look at this.  Give me the paper.  He's my new boy. I'm just breaking him in. Here. Page 120 The Telegraph has a cartoon of you crushed underneath the Great Wall Of China, suggesting you are the only political fuck-up visible from space. Look at this. No one could survive this. The PM is very clear on this - you're sacked, over the wall. No. Yes. You haven't even - spoken to the Prime Minister. Yes I have. You fucking haven't I've been right here. I have spoken to the Prime Minister. Whether it has happened or not is irrelevant. It is true. As soon as I heard about the wall, I spoke to him and he decided you had to go. I'm not going quietly. Yeah well if you try to turn this into some anti-war protest, you can expect your `mountain of conflict' soundbite to be everywhere from ringtones to a fucking dance mix on YouTube. I will marshall all the forces of media darkness to hound you to an assisted suicide. A silence while Simon and Toby realise there is nowhere for him to go. Right, Rumpleforeskin's give me your laptop, so -- shall we draft your `Dear Prime Minister, just a quick note to say thanks for sacking me' letter? Simon doesn't know what else to do. Toby goes to get his laptop. Miller is having a cigarette under a no-smoking sign. Page 121 Hi. General? Look I realise this is a slightly strange time to say this, but I just want to say how much I admire... Go fuck yoursefl, Frodo. Great. Lovely Toby hurries off looking crushed. Miller takes another drag on his cigarette. INT. STATE DEPARTMENT. DAY Linton is going through a list with Liza. General Miller is sitting in on this meeting, looking slightly like a man who's being shafted up the ass and having to pretend to enjoy it. Okay, I don't want to be accused of micro managing but I personally do not see that `I heart Huckabees' should be on the list of dvds suitable for forces entertainment. That self-indulgent crap is not suitable entertainment for combat troops. And where's `United 93' on here? That should be playing 24/7. INT. CONSTITUENCY OFFICE. DAY. Simon is back with Roz. Right, I've got a selection of quotes for you, they're all local firms and none of them is very well respected. out) Now, this sceptic tank is also rearing it's pooy head again too. Simon looks zonked with boredom. A.J. Well Alan, I have been balled out by Linton for allowing I Heart Huckabees on to the troops DVD roster. You know the phrase, "I'm too old for this shit? Well, I'm too young for this shit.  Page 122 A.J.  I should be out there having a youth. Getting high, making women pregnant. Malcolm is walking through the open-plan office with Judy. In the background we see Toby getting the last of his things together. The NEW MINISTER and her ADVISOR arrive. They are almost carbon copies of Simon and Toby. Ah, here they are. Minister. Elizabeth. Welcome aboard. Thanks Malcolm. Looking forward to it. War seems to be going `great guns' at the moment. Ah, cheeky! Let me take you out for an expensive lunch, roast swan and all the trimmings, and I'll bring you up to speed on the whole Middle East situation. Are you twisting my arm already? Aye, but in a friendly, non-breaky way. Watch your step there. There's still blood on the deck.  Hi I'm Danny. Dan. I'm Elizabeth's chief advisor. Judy Molloy. Senior Press - Have I got a desk? Yes, it's that one there. She points at Toby's desk. The Minister and his advisor start making themselves at home. We stay on Toby now as Malcolm and Judy greet the new guys. Page 123 Toby grabs the last of his things, glances over at them, and them we follow him as he heads down the front steps. 