by John Waters Second Draft:  July 22, 1992 story.  The screenplay is based on court testimony, sworn declarations, and hundreds of interviews conducted by the film-makers".  Fade out. Fade in to second prologue title: "Some of the innocent characters' names have been changed in the interests of a larger truth".  Fade out. Fade in to final prologue title:  "No one involved in the crimes received any form of financial compensation".  Fade out. We hear on the soundtrack the daily morning chatter of a family rushing to get to work and school. Subtitle appears:  "2815 Calverton Court.  The Sutphin Family".  Fade out. Second subtitle fades in:  "Friday, September 18th, 1992.  7:08am".  Fade out. BEGIN. MOM, BEVERLY, a trim, fortyish, pretty Betty Crocker of the 90's, grabs the toast as it pops up and butters it. She waves cheerfully out the kitchen window to the passing GARBAGEMEN on the back of a Baltimore County garbage truck and then turns to her husband and children and expertly begins to serve breakfast. DAD, EUGENE, the ultimate nice guy and a dentist by trade, divides the morning paper up between himself and son CHIP, a cute semi-hip kid who is still in high-school.  Daughter, MISTY, a pretty and slightly overweight college student, frantically prices the junk she plans on selling at the flea market after classes while gulping down a light breakfast. Who wants fruit salad? I do, please.  That's not gum in your mouth, is it?  It's sugarless.  You know how I hate gum, Misty.  All that chomping and cheesing...  Sorry, Mom.  Thanks. prices a record album) Hey, Chip, think I could get 50c for Vanilla Ice. I wouldn't give ya a nickle.  Carl can't believe how much I make at swap meets.  And who may I ask is Carl? Just a boy.  He's picking me up this morning. Here we go again. He's really cute! birds nibbling seed from the bird-feeder in kitchen window) Cute is not enough, Misty. You know that. She sure can pick 'em!  He goes to college with me! Leave her alone, Chip.  I think it's great she has a new beau, Beverly. hand and turns to the family. Cereal anybody? Title "SERIAL MOM" appears on the screen. Just a little, please.  Bad for the teeth. Always the dentist. Chip, honey? Thanks, Mom. As MOM serves the cereal, she spots a lone fly as it lands on the butter dish.  Without letting on to her family, she grabs a flyswatter and begins stalking the fly with a terrifying intensity, its buzzing enough to make MOM's head explode.  Look at this!  "Hillside Strangler gets his college degree in prison!"  That's nice. Nice?!  He should have been executed! He killed people, Mom.  We all have bad nights. buzzes off)  You'd probably date him!  He's cu-uuute!  Hey, Dad, did you ever see "Henry, Portrait of a Serial Killer?" I certainly did not. You've been working in that video shop too long. And all that gore better hadn't be interfering with your schoolwork. rest of the family remains oblivious to MOM's building anger. I do great in school, Dad.  A sickened and rage-filled MOM stalks the fly to DAD's orange juice glass where it secretes on the rim in closeup. Well, your mother's going to PTA today.  We'll see what your teacher has to say.  the buzzing of the fly builds in intensity on the soundtrack) Aw, Mom!  I hate Mr. Stubbins! the words in a rage) Don't say the word "hate", honey. "Hate" is a very serious word! closeup. . Family is suddenly silent as they uneasily look up in surprise at MOM's ferocious attack. her family. There.  All better.  Anybody for scrambled eggs? A loud banging is heard on the back door.  MOM jumps up guiltily.  Who on earth...? clothes.  DETECTIVE MOORE is younger and more rugged than the older more world-weary DETECTIVE BRADFORD. DET. MOORE Mrs. Sutphin?  Yes? DET. MOORE  I'm Detective Moore and this is Detective Bradford. Subtitle appears "7:26am" and then fades out.  I'm Dr. Eugene Sutphin.  What's the trouble, officer?  Is there a killer loose? DET. MOORE No son, nothing that exciting. This is my son, Chip...and my daughter, Misty. at the younger cop) Hi!  Jeeezzz! Det. Bradford, I'm sorry but we don't allow gum chewing in this house.  DET. BRADFORD paper napkin) Sorry, ma'am. an envelope) We're investigating obscene phone calls and mail threats to a certain Mrs. Dottie Hinkle. I know Dottie! She lives right down the street. DET. BRADFORD Could you take a look at this... DET. MOORE ...And tell us of anybody who might be responsible? DET. BRADFORD  I should warn you...this note contains LANGUAGE. magazine it reads:  "I'LL GET YOU PUSSY FACE!"  Oh God, really!  This is the limit! Let me see! Sorry, son.  This is a matter for adults. Officers, I've never said the P-word out loud, much less written it down! No woman would! land on window feeder) Look officers!  Life doesn't have to be ugly.  See the little birdie?  Listen to his call.  Peter Pan!  Peter Pan!  Peter Pan! bird calls back to MOM. Peter Pan!  Peter Pan!  Peter Pan! amazement. A convertible pulls into driveway driven by CHIP's best friend, SCOTTY BARNHILL, a handsome but sullen red-necky teen.  Next to him is CHIP's girlfriend, Subtitle appears:  "7:41am" and then fades out. Chip, your ride is here.  Hey, I'm late for work. Bye, honey.  All exit. DET. MOORE Thanks for your time, everybody.  Bye, Detective Moore.  Hi, Mr. and Mrs. Sutphin.  That's Birdie.  She's a horror nut just like my son.  Good morning, Birdie.  This is Detectives Moore and Bradford.  I didn't do it!  I swear!  Don't lock me up!  I'll take a lie detector!   Hi ya, boys! Good morning Scotty! pin-up mag he's reading and toots horn defiantly in response as MOM grits her teeth. Hey Misty, look what I got!  A Pee Wee Herman Doll.  Can you sell it for me at the flea market?  Wow!  Still in the box!  I sure can! speeding towards the house) Oh God, here comes Carl! driveway.  You must be Mrs. Sutphin. I'm Carl Padgett. Misty's date... More of a friend really...  See what Birdie gave me to sell at the flea market?  That guy's a weirdo. MOM'S smile freezes on her face as CHIP and BIRDIE hop in SCOTTY's convertible. calling out to COPS as they get into their car) Now there's something you should be interested in, detectives.  A grown boy who doesn't wear his seat belts! coffee and filling out police reports. DET. BRADFORD  Christ, that one was Beaver Cleaver's mother.  Peter Pan!  Peter Pan!  Peter Pan! DET. MOORE  Oh, leave her alone.  Mrs. Sutphin's about as normal and nice a lady we're ever going to find. determined expression on her face. Subtitle appears: "9:37am" and fades out. In split screen, DOTTIE HINKLE, the harrassed middle aged neighbor, looks at her ringing phone in her living room with suspicion and finally answers.  Hello.  Is this the Cocksucker residence? every time) Goddamn you!  STOP CALLING HERE! Isn't this 4215 Pussy Way?  You bitch! Let me check the zip - 212 Fuck you? The police are tracing your call right this minute. Well, Dottie, how come they're not here then, Fuck-Face?   immediately redials the phone. next door neighbor, is knocking on door, carrying a sewing basket. MRS. ACKERMAN  Beverly?  Beverly darling? You home?  I know you are... phone while MRS. HINKLE, on split-screen, tries not to answer.  Finally she lunges for it.  in prim manner) I beg your pardon?  Who is this? Mrs. Wilson from the telephone company.  I understand you're having problems with obscene calls.  Yes, I am...I'm sorry Mrs. Wilson.. It's driving me crazy...I've changed my number twice already... Please help me! finger on window ledge to check for dust and calls out Beverly's name. phone conversation with MRS. HINKLE. company representative) What exactly does this sick individual say to you? I can't say it out loud. don't use bad language. MRS. ACKERMAN looks up at huge oil portrait of MOM in ornate frame hanging over couch and calls out Beverly's name.  Hearing muffled voices behind MOM'S closed bedroom door at the top of the steps, MRS. Split screen with MOM and DOTTIE HINKLE.  I know it's hard but we need the exact words. Alright, I'll try...  "Cocksucker".  That's what she calls me. speaking in her scary voice) Listen to your dirty mouth, you fucking whore!  MRS. ACKERMAN hears muffled shouts and reaches for door handle. DOTTIE. MOTHERFUCKER!! COCKSUCKER!  MRS. ACKERMAN barges right in bedroom, almost catching MOM who expertly snaps back to normal without missing a beat. MRS. ACKERMAN Beverly, are you alright? Rosemary, honey.  Good morning. I'm fine.  Thanks for remembering. MRS. ACKERMAN It's the least I could do.  I heard shouting. sewing scissors.  Just the damn cable TV company. You know how they are. Did you hear about Dottie Hinkle? MRS. ACKERMAN Yes, I did.  It's terrifying! The police were at my house this morning. Who on earth would want to harrass poor Dottie Hinkle? to herself, digs in her prize flower garden out front of her house behind ornamental wishing-well on front lawn.  Subtitle appears: "2:15pm" and then fades out. Cut to MOM, driving happily by in her station wagon as she waves to DOTTIE. back. Cut back to MOM who looks in her rear view mirror, sees she's not being followed and suddenly screeches car into a U-turn as MOM's "Psycho Theme" plays on soundtrack MOM's face turns to stone as ripple flashback effects dissolve to that fateful day in the mall when MOM pulled up to parallel park and DOTTIE Ripple effects dissolve to the present as the wheels of MOM'S car skid to a stop.  The car door opens and MOM's sensible shoes step out as "Mom Psycho Theme" builds. up the street undetected and then takes the scissors from her purse and hides them up her sleeve. As MOM sneaks up street towards DOTTIE, intercut are obsessional flashbacks of details of the traumatic parking place incident;  MOM'S POV of DOTTIE pulling into space, DOTTIE'S maddening nonchalance as she snottily gets out of her car and trots right past face paralyzed with anger when she realizes there is nowhere else to park. Back in the present, MOM starts walking faster and faster as she sees DOTTIE begin to pack up her gardening tools to go back inside her house. Arriving just a second too late as DOTTIE closes the door behind her, MOM spots a can of gasoline near DOTTIE's lawnmower.  Thinking fast, MOM dumps gas on DOTTIE's mail in the mailbox on porch, lights it on fire and runs from the flames, happily throwing a coin into DOTTIE's wishing well as an afterthought. in and pulls off.  Smiling evily to herself, she drives by and sees DOTTIE HINKLE screaming in horror and trying to beat the fire out with a broom. Parking lot is filled and the few last parents are entering the building for PTA meeting.  MOM speeds into lot and gets out of car.  Subtitle appears: "3:O6pm" and fades out. MR. STUBBINS, Chip's teacher, is winding down a one-on-one meeting with another mother, who is in tears. MRS. TAPLOTTER But, Mr. Stubbins, my son studies every night!  He's trying as hard as he can... MR. STUBBINS Some teenagers just aren't college material, Mrs, Taplotter.  It's nothing to cry over.  Now, there are other parents waiting.  ...thank you for taking the time to come to PTA. CLASSROOM. Parents are seated in folding chairs waiting to be called in to conference.  MOM comes rushing down corridor and other parents greet her. MRS. STERNER Hi, Beverly. Hi, Betty.  Oh, I love your outfit. MRS. STERNER Thanks.  It's a Liz Claiborne. MR. STERNER Mrs. Sutphin, where's that husband of yours? and pointing to his teeth) Feeling "down in the mouth"?! Hohohohohoho!  You're soooo funny, Ralph... MR. STUBBINS leans his head out of classroom and looks at roll book as MRS. TAPLOTTER leaves, dabbing her tears with a handkerchief. MR. STUEBINS Mrs...Sutphin?  Right here! MR. STUBBINS Mrs. Sutphin, I'm Paul Stubbins, Chip's math teacher.  Nice to meet you, Mr. Stubbins.  A little something I baked. MR. STUBBINS  Oooohh!  A fruit cake.  Thank you, Mrs. Sutphin.  Have a seat. Bon Appetit! They sit on opposite sides of his desk. MR. STUBBINS Chip is off to a fine start this year.  Focused...conscientious... participates actively in classroom discussion.  He's a good boy. MR. STUBBINS  There is one big problem though. MOM'S smile freezes on her face ever so subtly What is it, Mr. Stubbins? MR. STUBBINS  His unhealthy obsession with sick horror films.  He is assistant manager of a video shop... MR. STUBBINS  That's no excuse for a morbid imagination.  I caught him drawing this in class last week. getting her tongue pulled out with the title, "Blood Feast") Is there a problem at home?  Certainly not! MR. STUBBINS Divorce?  An alcoholic relative?  Tell me, did Chip torture animals when he was young?  No, he did not! We are a loving supportive family, Mr. Stubbins. MR. STUBBINS Well, you're doing something wrong, Mrs. Sutphin.  I'd recommend therapy for your son.  Thank you for taking the time to come to PTA. scary smile.  Subtitle appears: "3:32pm" and fades out. of fruit cake.  "Mom's Psycho Theme" starts on soundtrack and she puts her car in gear. Closeup of wheels of MOM's car beginning to creep forward MR. STUBBINS to his car in isolated faculty parking lot. A trashy teen girl, LU-ANN, sneaks a joint behind a bush unnoticed. Shot of MOM's face staring at MR. STUBBINS in vengeance. Over the shoulder shot of MR. STUBBINS walking directly in MOM's path. Closeup of MR. STUBBINS looking up and seeing MOM. He takes a stick of gum from his pocket, unwraps it, and pops it in his mouth. MOM's face turns to stone at the last straw of seeing MR. STUBBINS chewing gum. MOM's POV of MR. STUBBINS waving to her. Shot of accelerator being floored by MOM. Shot of MOM's car peeling out headed straight for MR. STUBBINS. MOM's POV of MR. STUBBINS' suddenly terrified expression. MR. STUBBINS' POV of MOM'S car speeding at him. MOM's car hits MR. STUBBINS and sends him flying up on car hood. Shot of fruit cake tin hitting ground and rolling. LU-ANN, the trashy teen girl screams in horror. but they only smear the blood worse. MR. STUBBINS' POV SHOT OF MOM's insanely happy face through bloodied water. Suddenly MR. STUBBINS grabs on to side-view mirror and attempts to grab MOM through side window. LU-ANN watches in horrified amazement and throws down joint like it's a hot coal. for dear life, grabbing at MOM, pulling her hair. turtle. Shot of sign "SLOW-SPEED BUMPS". and lands in a heap behind her. MOM's POV, through rearview mirror of MR. STUBBINS, still alive, struggling to his knees. Closeup of automatic gear shift being thrown into reverse. MOM's car backs up swerving in speed towards MR. STUBBINS. Low-level MR. STUBBINS' POV of rear of car coming at him. MOM'S POV of MR. STUBBINS' desperate struggle to get out of her path. Car runs directly over him - THUHP - and chewed up wad of gum flies out of MR. STUBBINS' mouth. LU-ANN, the only eye-witness, runs away in fear. waving innocently to other parents as she flees. On CHIP's large video screen plays the ridiculously dated but still appalling scene from "BLOOD FEAST" where the madman with the corny, madeup eyebrows rips a girl's tongue out of her mouth in hokey special effects. Subtitle reads "4:22pm" and fades out. popcorn as SCOTTY looks up from his vintage nudist-camp magazine to watch in real horror and nausea. It's a sheep's tongue! Man, I just ate.  Turn it off. Rewind it!  Let's see it again! No!  That shit is sickening! Put on pussy!  Look, Dick-Head!  SLOW-MOTION!   The "Citizen Kane" of gore movies. bathroom, yanks open bedroom door and screams when he sees MOM standing there with a plate of chocolate chip cookies. I don't know what it is about today, but I FEEL GREAT!  Excuse me, Mrs. Sutphin. He runs past her to the bathroom. Hi, Mom. Hi, Mrs. Sutphin. heart of girl.  MOM smiles inappropriately.  You kids.  Now Birdie, I want you to have a cookie and then run along home. But Mom, the video's not over. No "but mom" for you, young man. Mr. Stubbins seems to think these silly movies are interfering with your studies.   Oh, boy!  Mom, Mr. Stubbins is a nimrod! Man, that one made me puke! camp magazine and handing it back to him like it's poison) You forgot something...  Are we leaving? Yes you are. him out. Bye, Mrs, Sutphin.  Bye, bird-brain,  See ya, Scotty. Bye, Birdie. on his bed) Chip, honey...I know it's hard being a teenager but I understand.. I'm your mother and I love you. Oh Mom...  Can we watch that scene again? You know, where he rips out her heart?  PLEEEASE? SPIN-WIPE to tomato sauce topped meatloaf being taken out of the oven by MOM.  Subtitle appears "6:30pm" and fades out. DAD, MISTY and CHIP sit around dining room table.  Ladies and gentlemen, the perfect meatloaf! Looks good, Mom! Nothing like a home cooked meal, honey. Misty, I made your favorite sesame broccoli...  Yummy.  Carl says if I lose ten pounds, he'll take me to the University of Maryland Fall Mixer.  Misty, if you want to lose weight go ahead, but do it for yourself, not for some boy you barely know. Carl's a jerk! He certainly drives like a jerk.  Carl makes me happy and that threatens this family, doesn't it? Doesn't threaten me, honey. I'm happy. I'm happy too and we want you to be happy.  I'm so happy I could shit. CHIP!  You know how much I hate the brown word! Suddenly a scream from outside is heard. is running across lawn from her house to the Sutphins. MRS. ACKERMAN Beverly!  Beverly! Family is getting up from table in alarm. That's Rosemary.  Something's wrong! down their throats at mention of MRS. ACKERMAN'S name. MRS. ACKERMAN Turn on the news!  A teacher at your school has been murdered!  Murdered? Who? MRS. ACKERMAN A Mr. Stubber...or Stubbins.  MR. STUBBINS?  That's my math teacher! portrait on wail. What channel? MRS. ACKERMAN It's on all of them! Phone rings.  CHIP grabs the receiver. Hello. We see BIRDIE in split screen.  Did you hear? What happened? This is so cool! It's just like a horror movie. It's on!  I'll call you back!  ..Police claim the driver of the hit and run vehicle ran down the teacher in cold blood and then backed up over his body to finish off the job. Mr. Paul Stubbins was thirty-eight years old...  Whoever did it should get the death penalty! ...So far only one eyewitness has surfaced. pot-smoking girl who witnessed murder appears on screen. It was a blue car...I know that much! That's Lu-Ann Hodges! She's a pothead! ...A blue station wagon... MRS. ACKERMAN That's like your car, Beverly,  I'm not that bad a driver.  Look at her hair!  Turn it off, honey.   I can't believe Mr. Stubbins is dead. You said you hated him. Well...he was an asshole... but he didn't deserve to die! Wipe to MOM finishing a silent prayer kneeling next to bed as DAD reads a spy novel under the covers. Subtitle appears: "10:45pm" and fades out. as MOM climbs in) I can't stop thinking about that poor teacher. his side of bed) Goodnight, honey.  Don't read late, we've got a big day with the birds tomorrow. "The Encyclopedia of Birds") I've identified every little birdie we're going to watch tomorrow on the Eastern Shore. We see that underneath the cover of the bird book, caresses a picture of Manson and closes the book and turns out her light. Goodnight, honey. Don't I get a kiss?  I just thought with all the sadness...you wouldn't want...  We have to concentrate on life, Eugene.  It's fine with me, Beverly. passionately) You want to, honey?  You think the kids are asleep? We can be real quiet...  I love that you're my wife.  You're not bad yourself, coo-coo bird...  You bring me such peace... Oohhhh, Eugene! Shhhh..  Oooohhhh. Don't wake the kids...  Ooohhhh! We see MISTY, hair in curlers, pricing junk for flea market, stop and listen to sounds coming from parents' bedroom. Oooohhh!  Yeah!  Yeah!  You're hot tonight, honey... but be quiet!  Shhhh! The kids! listens in horror to his mother's distant moaning. is amazed but hardly complaining. Yeah!  Oohhhh!  Get it! Ooh, honey, I'm ready! Now!  Now!  Oohhhhh!  Yeah!  Yeah! hear their parents climaxing and look at one another in complete horror. Fade to black. Birds are heard greeting the sunrise with their happy chirping.  Subtitle appears "Saturday, September l9th, 5:3Oam" and fade out. MOM, dressed for bird-watching day-trip, watches the cute little chickadees nibbling seed out of her birdfeeder on lawn through binoculars from bedroom window.  DAD, half-awake, stirs in his bed. cute bird) There's Dede! He's my favorite chickadee!  He's here every morning for breakfast.  Well, honey, chickadees breed in Alaska, you know.  No wonder Dede's hungry.  It's a long trip all the way to Baltimore. until she freezes in horror at the sight of MRS. Suddenly the phone rings with jangling intensity. Hello... On split screen is obnoxious man from PTA, MR. STERNER, holding his jaw in pain. MR. STERNER Eugene, it's Ralph Sterner. Got a dental emergency here!  I mean this goddamn tooth is killing me! Well, Mr. Sterner, if you call my office, I'm sure we can see you Monday. case. MR. STERNER MONDAY? MRS. STERNER, his wife, grabs the phone. MRS. STERNER Eugene, this is Betty Sterner, He'll die by Monday!  The roots are infected!  He might have a heart attack!  All right, Mrs. Sterner... Nine o'clock. MOM's face changes to purple rage as she turns to hide her anger from DAD.  I'm sorry, honey.  But the birds will still be there next week. suddenly stoic) It's Ok, Eugene.  I understand.. I'll go fix breakfast.  MOM's calm turns to immediate rage as she closes bedroom door and storms her way downstairs as "Mom's Psycho Theme" blares on soundtrack.  CHIP!! from sleep) God, Mom!  What's the matter? sweetly) Time to get up, that's all. You'll be late for work. You scared me. boxed up flea-market junk.  MOM enters and is startled to see her. Honey, what's the matter? snooping through her box of recycled newspapers as DET. BRADFORD noses around her station wagon. I'm stoodup!  I'll kill that bastard! Don't say words unless you mean them, Misty.  It's him! No, honey, it's the police.  Hello, officers. Subtitle appears "7:10am" and then fades out. DET. BRADFORD Good morning, Mrs. Sutphin. blouse one button) Hi, Detective Moore. DET. MOORE  Morning, Misty.  Mrs. Sutphin, I presume you heard of the death of Mr. Stubbins. A fine man.  A good teacher... DET. BRADFORD  Contrusions...fractures... rupture of numerous vital organs...  What a mess. his convertible. up at hearing a car) No, honey, it's just Scotty.  Scotty, who doesn't wear his seatbelts! barge in back door. Good morning, Detectives.  Nightmare on Calverton Court! The Maryland Teacher Massacre! DET. MOORE That's not funny, son. DET. BRADFORD Did you drive your car to the Sutphin?  Yes, I did.  Detectives, what is this about? DET. MOORE I know this sounds weird, Mr. Sutphin, but the Department of Motor Vehicle's computer shows only one blue station wagon registered to a parent of any of Mr. Stubbins' pupils. Surely you don't think Beverly was involved! pointing to MOM) at Mr. Stubbins and mowed him down! addressing COPS) From what I understand, the eye-witness is a drug user. I got somebody you could run over, Mother! Misty, that's a terrible thing to say! protectively around MOM) Detectives, it's time for you to leave.  My wife knows nothing about this terrible ...accident.  Murder, honey. magazine with Ivana Trump on the cover) Now, here's a babe! out as in threatening note sent to Mrs. Ackerman. DET. MOORE  Let's see that, young man. she ogles him from behind) Nice buns! DET. BRADFORD "P" as in...  ...People who don't mind their own business. showing slight suspicion.  It's Mrs. Ackerman's magazine, honey.  Look at the subscription label if you don't believe me.  I recycle my magazines. MRS. ACKERMAN is dumping all her bottles and newspapers into the rest of her garbage without the slightest thought of recycling.  Subtitle appears "10:06am" and fades out. Cut to GUS and SLOPPY, two Baltimore County sanitation workers as they pick up bags of neighbors' recycled trash and scowl in hatred at the environmentally incorrect MRS. ACKERMAN. MOM, now alone, is happily separating her cans and plastic trash into proper recycle bins as she rocks out singing along with the Barry Manilow record "Daybreak" that spins on her high-fi set. in place as soulfully as possible for her) "It's Daybreak" If you want to believe It can be Daybreak!..." MRS. ACKERMAN dumping styrofoam packing chips in with the rest of her un-recycled garbage.  Freezing in horror, MOM then lunges for MRS. ACKERMAN's gleaming sewing scissors in borrowed sewing basket and begins to run out door. Suddenly MOM sees the friendly GARBAGEMEN waving to her from truck.  She quickly puts back the scissors, grabs her recyle bags, locates two "miniatures" of liquor hidden in kitchen cabinet and runs out back door. MRS. ACKERMAN goes back inside her house as MOM charges out to meet GARBAGEMEN with her recyclables. Don't forget me, boys!  All rinsed and ready to recycle! Morning, Mrs. Sutphin. Morning, Gus.  Hello, Sloppy. miniatures) Here you go.  You work hard for the environment.  A little drink never hurt anybody. Thanks, ma'am.  Damn!  Good stuff. garbage) Do you believe that goddamn litterbugger?  I've told her!  It takes ninety to one hundred years for a tin can to decompose but she still won't recycle.  Cost taxpayers millions of dollars last year but she don't care about the national budget!  I HATE Mrs. Ackerman. "Mom's Psycho Theme" begins building on soundtrack.  I hate her too. the bull session) I HATE HER GUTS!  Somebody ought to kill her!  Yeah, hack her up and recycle her!  For the sake of this planet, "Mom's Psycho Theme" climaxes on soundtrack. MRS. ACKERMAN is serving brunch to DOTTIE HINKLE as they drink beer together and watch "The Joan Rivers Show" on TV as JOAN interviews a fat woman in her 20's.  ...But your boyfriend was convicted of killing twelve people I don't judge him. How can you love a mass-murderer? Easy!  He's handsome.  He's famous.  AND WE GET CONJUGAL VISITS!  Men Who Mutilate!  We'll be right back after this! Turn it off. MRS. ACKERMAN does. MRS. ACKERMAN Violence is everywhere these days sight of DOTTIE HINKLE inside. screams. MRS. ACKERMAN  Oh, it's just Beverly. She scared me. MRS. ACKERMAN  Come in, Beverly.  Have some coffee being so-o-o-o nice) Just a half-a-cup.  Hello, Dottie.  I'm so sorry to hear of your troubles... It's not fair!! her flower arrangement) Are those pussy-willows? MRS. ACKERMAN  Dried ones.  Aren't they pretty? P-word in MOM's voice.  What did you just say? her breath) PUSSY-willows, Dottie! Faberge Egg off table and sends it crashing to the floor. Dottie!  Watch what you're doing! is blaming her) I didn't do it! to pick up pieces) My Franklin Mint Faberge Egg!  Dottie didn't mean to be a clumsy ox.  She's sorry, Aren't you, Dottie?  Rosemary, I didn't break your egg - she did! MRS. ACKERMAN You could at least apologize, Dottie.  I collect Franklin Mint! And we're going right to the flea market to get another one! Misty tells me there's a whole booth of Franklin Mint stuff. Dottie, you lock up.  I'll take care of poor Rosemary! MRS. ACKERMAN) But...but...she...Rosemary, I heard her voice!  It's her, I tell you, IT'S HER! "emergency" patient who lets out a blood curdling scream every time DAD gets the drill anywhere near his mouth. Mr. Sterner, you've lost a tiny filling.  I have to drill deeply enough to remove all the decay. MR. STERNER  Alright...go ahead...but be careful, it really hurts!  MR. STERNER OWWWWW'! Goddamn you!  You're hurting me on purpose! MRS. STERNER, reading an old issue of Newsweek, with Jeffrey Dahmer on the cover, jumps up and runs to her husband past the RECEPTIONIST. MRS. STERNER  Are you ok, Ralph? Mrs. Sterner, please stay in the waiting room! MR. STERNER Help me, Betty!  He's worse than the dentist in "The Marathon Man"!  Sorry to interrupt, Dr. Sutphin, but there's two police detectives here to see you... DET. MOORE and DET. BRADFORD wait grim-faced in the office.  Subtitle appears "10:35am" and fades out.  What is it, officers? My patient is waiting. DET. MOORE Dr. Sutphing is your wife a big reader? Bird books mostly... DET. BRADFORD Like these we found in her garbage?  "Urge To Kill".  "Mass Murder in Houston"? I'm sure those are my son, Chip's books. DET. MOORE No, they're your wife's.  We checked,  She bought them down at "The Browse and Learn Bookshop" along with a few other titles... DET. BRADFORD  "Helter Skelter", "Hunting Humans", Master Card reference number 7876. Dated June 5th. of MOM are serious) DET. BRADFORD Dr. Sutphin, is you wife mental? Cut to MOM's face, seemingly in the middle of a frenzy as she jumps around like a crazy person. Camera pulls back and we see that she is swatting away a persistent bee as she sits with MISTY at her flea market table. Subtitle appears "11:20am" and then disappears. Damn these yellow-jackets! I hate 'em!  Always something isn't it?  Can I help you? Just looking.  Thanks for not buying anything! Misty, lighten up.  It's not the customer's fault Carl stood you up! through the flea market with a SEXPOT DATE.  Her face turns to stone but she doesn't let on to MISTY. Cut to MRS. ACKERMAN shopping passionately at the nearby Franklin Mint booth. MRS. ACKERMAN  Young man, this Faberge Egg is chipped. Yes, ma'am, it is. MRS. ACKERMAN I'll give you fifty cents. That's a Franklin Mint piece. Eight dollars. MRS. ACKERMAN Eight dollars?!  Franklin Mint or not, it's damaged goods!  MRS. ACKERMAN bends over grumbling and sees a fire poker marked with a price tag of $6.O0.  Sneakily she switches price tag of $3.00 from another item. MRS. ACKERMAN I'll take this instead. Nice one, huh?  Winter's coming. momentarily hesit'ating) Three dollars?...I guess that's what I marked it... MRS. ACKERMAN smirks and pays him. MRS. ACKERMAN comes back to MISTY's booth carrying fire poker. purchase, but still watching Did you find your Franklin Mint egg, Rosemary darling? MRS. ACKERMAN I saw one, but it was ridiculously overpriced! fire poker) You want me to keep that under the table for you? MRS. ACKERMAN If you wouldn't mind...  It was on sale. Cut to CARL browsing at same Franklin Mint booth that MRS. ACKERMAN was shopping in earlier.  SEXPOT batting her eyes at CARL.  Honey, pleeease?  For my little knick-knack shelf?  Wrap it up for the little lady. Cut to MOM with the fire poker partially concealed under her coat as she stalks CARL and SEXPOT DATE to baseball memorabilia booth.  MOM pretends to shop nearby as CARL buys Oriole penant for himself. excuses himself for a quick trip to the men's room. to the embarrassment of YOUNG BOY walking by. Realizing the coast is clear, MOM darts into men's room following CARL. fades out.  MOM rushes in unnoticed and tries to enter first booth and finds it locked,  She scurries to next booth and enters. A male PERVERT in locked booth is drawing dirty pictures on the wall.  He looks down and sees MOM's shoes under the stall and starts moaning sexually as he writes "EAT ME" with a magic marker. Closeup of CARL's face as he pisses like a racehorse. sees MOM and moans in silent orgasm. fear. Suddenly MOM runs from her booth with fire poker drawn and skewers CARL in the back at the urinal. with his liver skewered on the end. urinal. it off poker, panicked that someone will come into men's room. Closing her eyes in revulsion, she pulls off liver with her fingertips and throws it on floor. Running from men's room, she slips in gore, catches her balance, looks back at CARL's head in urinal, hesitates and finally runs back to flush toilet before escaping undetected. A hip young couple are buying a hideous amateur oil painting of Don Knotts from MISTY. I can't believe it!  Fuckin' Don Knotts!  It's beyond ugly!  There you go... Cut to MOM approaching, looking happy and composed with fire poker concealed under her coat.  Misty, honey, look! cereal bowls) I made a killing! A MACHO MAN enters nibbling lamb off a shishkobab. He sees CARL's body and screams in the best Fay Ray tradition.  Subtitle appears "l2:llpm" and then fades out. MRS. ACKERMAN  I went back to get my Faberge Egg and some idiot bought it! Sirens are heard in the distance. back under table, threateningly) It's just not your day, is it Rosemary? ambulance enter flea market as customers start running towards concession stand) Watch the booth!  I'll be back!  MRS. ACKERMAN of gore stuck to bottom of MOM's shoe) Beverly, honey, you've got some...  ...do-do on your shoe. Ewwww!  Thank you, Rosemary. MRS. ACKERMAN notices stain with odd unease. a stretcher. DET. MOORE and BRADFORD are roughly frisking bathroom PERVERT. There was a lady in the men's room!  I swear! A pretty little lady in the stall right next to me! until she finally sees CARL'S face right before the lets out a blood-curdling scream. DET. BRADFORD looks up into MISTY's horror filled face and turns in suspicion to DET. MOORE only to see his partner making eyes with SEXPOT DATE, who in between sobs, is flirting back with all her might. MRS. ACKERMAN is looking in revulsion at what appears to be dried blood on the end of her fire-poker stored under the flea market table as MOM happily sells Pee-Wee Herman doll to New York dealer. That's one-hundred fifty-eight dollars. Will you take a New York check? Certainly. MRS. ACKERMAN reaches down and touches the end of fire poker and almost faints when she sees red on her fingertips. screaming. Mother!  It's Carl! He's dead! MRS. ACKERMAN looks in sudden fear at MOM. 0h, that's horrible, honey.  I sold the Pee-Wee Herman doll!!  Mother!  Did you hear me?! Someone murdered Carl in the mensroom!  I saw his dead body!  You got your wish.  But...  I didn't wish...I didn't want him DEAD! MRS. ACKERMAN gulps in horror. finds a scrapbook which is filled page after page with newspaper clippings about famous mass murderers.  He gasps in horror and then looks between mattress and box-springs and finds a stack of letters and a few cassette tapes.  He looks in shock at return address of first letter - "Richard Speck, Statesville Correctional Center, Joliet, Illinois 60434".  He tears open envelope and out falls an 8xlO glossy photo of a naked Richard Speck with the inscription "To Beverly.  Love, Richard Speck".  Shaking his head in horror, DAD puts cassette in tape player and pushes play button.  The voice on the tape booms out in bedroom, "Beverly, it's me, Ted Bundy.  It's late at night six days before my execution and it's lonely here on death row...".  DAD lunges for machine to push OFF button and accidentally turns on the radio. ...Updating the top story of the hour, the young man brutally murdered a short time ago in the mens room of the Edmonson Flea Market has been identified as 22 year old Carl Padgett of Towson... shock. CHIP1 on duty as manager, along with BIRDIE and large video monitor Joan Crawford get off a train in William Castle's "Straight Jacket".  The suspense builds as Joan on video spies through a window at her husband with another woman, picks up an ax and cuts off his head.  Suddenly MISTY runs into video shop in hysterics. Chip!  Our mother is Charles Manson! All the kids laugh uproarously as Joan screams on video "I'm not guilty" while struggling in a straight jacket. turning off the video)  I'm not kidding.  Carl stood me up this morning and then he was murdered at the flea market.... MURDERED?!! Yes murdered!  You said you hated your teacher yesterday and he was murdered too.  I don't know...maybe Mom's nuts! It's a cool idea, Misty! Let's make a gore movie about Mom!  Better yet, a TV series! Can I borrow your mother? My aunt is coming over to dinner tonight and she's always on my nerves. My step-father is an asshole! She could kill him!  How about Mrs. Ackerman? We both hate her!  Should she be the next victim? No!  Stop it!  It's not funny. Mom might do it!  Someone else might die.  I believe you, Misty. Your mother could kill - I've seen that look in her eyes!  Is there a reward or anything? tuna casserole. Dinner's served! Subtitle appears "6:01pm" and then fades out. with kid gloves.  CHIP is completely oblivious to their concern. Let's say grace and pray that we have the strength to understand the terrible tragedies of the last few days. Amen to that.  It's been a crazy day, hasn't it?! DET. MOORE and several other COPS are taking down every word MRS. ACKERMAN says in notebooks and on tape recorders. MRS. ACKERMAN ...Dottie Hinkle was right - IT I saw blood right on the bottom of her shoes!  Not exactly blood - it was GORE!  Hanging right there like a runny nose!! DET. BRADFORD and several other POLICE OFFICERS are taking her statement and trying to calm her down, Nice as pie she was to me and then I hear her say it! DET. BRADFORD Say what, ma'am? "Are those..."  I can't say the word out loud. DET. BRADFORD  Could you tell a policewoman the exact words she used?  Maybe... A huge galute of a POLICEWOMAN sits next to DOTTIE and pats her hand. It's ok...nobody's gonna hurt you.  Come on, let it out... all the cops in the room) "PUSSY" she says to me! "PUSSY WILLOWS!" The family is eating in uneasy silence.  You know Mom, Scotty thinks you're the killer!  Does he?  For a boy who doesn't wear seat belts, Scotty's awfully nosy.  Excuse me a second.  The whole family sits in awkward silence. watching the Sutphin house in eery silence. Family is squirming in their seats in nervous silence.  MISTY suddenly bolts from table and runs towards kitchen. written in chalk is "WENT TO THE 7-il, MOM". She's gone!  She's gonna kill Scotty!   DAD!  YOU DON'T THINK SHE I DO!  Mom's gone crazy!  Your mother may have some problems, that's all, Chip.  C'mon!  Hurry! hell. car in gear and takes off behind her.  Subtitle appears "6:36pm" and then fades out. light of pursuing police car in rear-view mirror and floors it as she hits play button of tape deck in car and begins singing along loudly and scarily to her favorite song, Barry Manilow's "Daybreak", "...Ain't no time to grieve And it's Daybreak!!! Let it shine, shine, shine, All around the world!!" car and grabs police radio. as she belts out the finale of "Daybreak" and suddenly turns the steering wheel violently to the right. MOM's car veers across lawn and flattens Mrs. Hinkle's entire flower garden as she plows her way back to street. DET. BRADFORD comes running out of house and jumps out of way as ROOKIE COP's car skids around corner and smashes into Mrs. Ackerman's wishing well decoration in her front yard. porch as she curses MOM in the distance. You rotten mother-fucker! You lousy cock-sucker!  Turn right on Timonioum Road. Hurry, Dad!  If Mom's a psycho, Scotty will still be ok, won't he? We hope so, son.  And no matter what your mother is, we'll love her anyway. DET. MOORE into police radio mike) Suspect's family is headed east on Calverton.... quiet suburban street.  She fixes her hair in rear view mirror, smiles, then takes out rubber dish-washing gloves and slips them on her hands. sexploitation movie posters that decorate his walls , and watches on video the ridiculous 70's trash film "Double-Agent '73" starring Chesty Morgan. In the credit sequence he sees Miss Morgan "photographing" men with her humongous breasts that supposedly have cameras implanted inside.  SCOTTY is getting turned on.  He runs to lock bedroom door, closes curtain on window and then hops under a blanket to commit the sin of self-abuse. DAD, MISTY and CHIP pull up, run to front door and pound on it. them and watches from police car.  Subtitle appears "7:01pm" and disappears. in hideous hot pants and insane 1970's platform shoes as he concentrates on her gigantic breasts and touches himself off camera.  He hears banging at door, curses whoever it is, and decides to ignore them. slithers through an open window and lets MISTY and DET. BRADFORD.  Suspect's family is entering house.  Send backup to 2l14 Sycamore Street. I've got a feeling old Mom's inside.  I'm goin' in! Heroic music blares on soundtrack as he leaps from car and pulls gun.  Subtitle appears "7:24pm" and then fades out. from outside a suburban house. Reverse angle shows not Scotty, but the dental emergency couple, THE STERNERS, as they sit in their dining room eating a dinner of cornish game hens. "Dede" and the other cute birds in her bird-feeder at home. As the couple viciously slice apart the game hens and stuff the meat in their mouths, MOM breaks a small pane of glass in back door to gain entry. MRS. STERNER What was that? MR. STERNER I didn't hear anything. Got any dessert? MRS. STERNER Dr. Sutphin said no sweets for you. MR. STERNER What's he know? MRS. STERNER How to send a bill!! They both laugh uproarously at her bad joke. waters it thoughtfully and then jumps out of the way to hide as MRS. STERNER comes into kitchen to get a large chocolate pie. watches Chesty Morgan on video in hideous green plaid bell bottoms as she "photographs" evidence with her breasts. DAD, MISTY and CHIP creep up the steps towards SCOTTY's bedroom. DET. BRADFORD signals the newly arrived DET. MOORE and a small swat team in battle gear to follow him quietly to Scotty's front door. MR. STERNER cuts himself a second piece of chocolate pie and pigs it down. MRS. STERNER  Ralph, "Wheel of Fortune"'s on!! As MRS. STERNER continues to watch TV we see her get ready for bed. We see her change from her shoes to bedroom slippers from under the bed. We see her brush her hair from behind the mirror. We see her open her drawer and take out birth-control foam from inside the bureau. We see her go to closed curtains moving ominously in the breeze and close the window from the other side. MRS. STERNER  Ralph, you're missing it! MRS. STERNER takes off her dress to reveal monstrous white all-in-one bra and girdle and moves to closet door. She opens closet door and hesitates. We see shoe in bottom of closet move slightly. Suddenly a mouse scurries out of shoe and runs across floor as MRS. STERNER screams, MR. STERNER mouth) What is it, Betty? MRS. STERNER  We have mice!  I mean it, Ralph!  I saw one! MRS. STERNER reaches for nightgown and pulls it off hanger to reveal MOM's insane face.  Suddenly MOM stabs MRS. STERNER viciously in the stomach with MRS. ACKERMAN's scissors.  Always brush after every meal! MRS. STERNER opens her mouth in a silent scream as again as a large rat in the closet runs out and begins biting MRS. STERNER's ankle at the same time. MR. STERNER burps in front of empty plate and hears loud thud from upstairs.  He gets up from table. MR. STERNER  Betty? MRS. STERNER is dead on the floor with scissors sticking out of her as MOM attempts to clean up the blood with the household product, "SHOUT". MR. STERNER runs up stairs, suddenly alarmed. MR. STERNER Betty?  Betty, answer me! runs in, sees the grisly sight and screams in horror. and doing mock TV-ad) "SHOUT IT OUT". stomach and expertly throws them like a knife at MR. STERNER's head.  He ducks in the nick of time and the scissors stick in the wall. MR. STERNER turns and runs in fear as MOM gives chase, grabbing the scissors out of the wall. MR. STERNER runs down the steps screaming as MOM runs after him.  She throws the scissors at him again, but just misses him. Thinking fast, MR. STERNER grabs scissors from wall and throws them back at MOM.  She ducks in the nick of time and her face goes purple with rage. You'll pay for that, Ralph Sterner!! As MR. STERNER runs to back door, MOM charges back up the steps to bedroom. from bedroom window as he runs out of house. MR. STERNER runs across lawn screaming. MR. STERNER Help!  POLICE!! forth until she gets it loose.  Seeing him right below, MOM shoves it out window with all her might. MR. STERNER looks up at air conditioner falling from above and screams the second before he is crushed like an insect. Chesty Morgan "Secret Agent" breast footage on video screen. DAD, MISTY and CHIP look at one another in horror thinking SCOTTY's moans are cries of pain and they break down his door to save him. Sutphin family catch him in the middle of an orgasm. When DETECTIVES MOORE and BRADFORD and their ridiculously overprepared SWAT TEAM flood the bedroom, screaming "FREEZE" and "HANDS OVER YOUR HEAD", SCOTTY fumes in anger as MISTY and CHIP giggle in relief and DAD turns red in embarrassment. DAD's car pulls up and the relieved Sutphin family hops out and runs to house.  Subtitle appears "9:02pm" and fades out. Home Sweet Home!  Everything's fine, kids!  I can't believe I thought my own mother was a murderess! I'm disappointed she isn't!  For a while there, it was like being in a movie! enter.  Anybody for dessert? M-m-m-m-m, strawberries! Fade to black. Sign out front announces the service: "11:00am. Holy Eucharist Service.  Sermon: 'Capitol Punishment and You'".  Families stream into church.  Subtitle appears "10:37am, Sunday September 20th" and fades out. MOM, DAD, CHIP and MISTY walk out front door dressed in their Sunday finest.  Suddenly their wholesome smiles freeze on their faces. Cop cars are everywhere watching MOM's every move. MOM, pressuring her with their high-visibility surveillance. The family nervously gets in their car and DAD turns the ignition. Cop after cop after cop start up their engines. As DAD pulls out of the driveway in his car the cops file into a procession of intimidation behind him. DET. BRADFORD  ...Sutphin family proceeding west on Seminary Avenue.  Beverly ain't goin' nowhere this time.  Dad, I thought it was ok. Make them go away.  This is embarrassing. Just ignore the police. It's all a terrible mistake. He turns on radio to music. Think we'll get on "A DET. MOORE She's headed for church. DET. BRADFORD  I say we nail her!  Negative.  D.A. says no bust until lab report is back matching suspect's fingerprints on true-crime book with those on scissors and fire poker. DET. BRADFORD  She may be Beaver Cleaver's mother...but Jim Jones and the entire People's Temple just fucked her! MISTY, CHIP and DAD listen in appalled silence to news report on radio as MOM seems unfazed. ...the senseless killing last night of Towson couple, Ralph and Betty Sterner, brings to a total of four murders police feel may have been committed by Baltimore's first serial killer... Beverly!  Not the Sterners!  It's a shame.  But they should brush their teeth, honey.  This just came in.  Police Lieutenant Ronald Habbler has publicly named a suspect in the serial killer case and it's a shocker!  She, that's right, she has been identified as Beverly R. Sutphin of 2815 Calverton Court... Oh God!  Now I'll never get a boyfriend!  Beverly, I've been reading all about it...is it menopause? Oh, honey! Tell me the truth, Mom! It's ok with me, really!  Are you a serial killer? Chip, the only cereal I know about is Rice Krispies. Sutphin car pulls to a stop at a red light next to car full of churchgoers.  MOM turns to smile at them and all the churchgoers scream in horror at the sight of her face.  Don't worry, Beverly.  We're going to get you good psychiatric help. MRS. ACKERMAN and MRS. HINKLE look up in amazement as they see the Sutphins pull into church parking lot followed by string of police cars. The Sutphins nervously get out of car and walk towards church as the good Christian families glare at them and gossip with a vengeance. mortification, CHIP is excited by all the attention and MOM smiles happily to appalled worshippers. shabby church clothes wave to MOM in secret admiration. BIRDIE's eyes light up at seeing CHIP but her suddenly forbidding parents hold her back when she tries to join him.  She mouths "I love you" to him as CHIP looks back to her parents with hurt and confusion. As the SUTPHIN family reaches the church door, a reporter runs towards them with his cameras drawn.  So, Mrs. Sutphin!  Tell me! Are you "Serial Mom"? Who? strobing flash) No comment!  "Serial Mom"? perversely enjoying the attention) WOW! MISTY, who can't help but notice that the REPORTER is strikingly handsome, gives him an obviously flirtatious smile before DAD yanks her into church with the rest of them. priest has just begun the service.  Blessed be God, Father, Son and Holy Spirit... And blessed be His kingdom, now and forever.  Amen... The SUTPHINS take their place in a half filled pew next to appalled young MARRIED COUPLE as a still mortified SCOTTY glares in hatred and vengeance from a pew in the back of the church. BIRDIE's face is covered in tears as she sits with her parents helplessly. crowd for the face of the cute REPORTER.  When she spots him secretly snapping her photo, she subtly gives him a sexy pose. outside their cars as voice comes over police radio. This is Captain Johnson from Homicide.  Lab reports confirm Sutphin latent print of index finger on true-crime book matches those latent prints lifted from murder weapons.  Bingo, boys! Bust the bitch! spread out and approach the church. ...Jesus said nothing to condemn capital punishment as he hung on the cross, did He?! MRS. ACKERMAN and MRS. HINKLE nod in pious agreement. ...If ever there was a time to go on record against the death penalty, WASN'T IT THAT NIGHT?!... continues her defiant smile. infiltrating the church, taking places in pews and then moving forward to other pews closer to MOM. over to let DET. BRADFORD and DET. MOORE sit with him on their way to nail MOM. and look with loyalty to poor MOM. ...SO WHAT ARE WE WAITING FOR, AMEN! Now, let us pray and humbly confess our sins unto Almighty God. As CONGREGATION prays along with FATHER STONE, COPS flood the church and move towards MOM. ...Most merciful God, we confess that we have sinned against thee... ...by what we have done... ...and by what we have left undone... ...we are truly sorry and we humbly repent... to sniffle a sneeze) ...so that we may delight in thy will... A BABY in the arms of a MOTHER in pew in front of ...And walk in the ways to the glory... catches herself) ...of Thy name... Amen! BABY'S MOTHER screams in horror at seeing her BABY's face and the entire congregation1 thinking she's been attacked by MOM, dives to the floor in terror. pandemonium breaks out in church. Just as DET. MOORE and DET. BRADFORD are about to grab MOM, GUS and SLOPPY punch the COPS in the mouth and MOM runs off. vanished. family until he is relieved to see that MOM has escaped. as cute REPORTER snaps her picture excitedly. him and together they take off. worshippers scream and trample each other trying to get out of church as police try to restore order. SCOTTY, trying to be macho, fights his way towards front of church and for a split-second sees CHIP, escape. happiness at helping her escape. lies hidden out of view on back seat of car. We'll show 'em, Mom,  We'll go on "60 Minutes"! The car engine starts up. Alright  You're bigger than Jason or Freddie now!  Only you're a real person!  Do you think I'll need a lawyer?  You need an AGENT! still taking pictures as COPS flood the area looking for MOM. wife is missing!  I'm worried sick about her!  Hey, Misty!  Just a few more shots, Ok?  I'm Hank Hawkins from the Baltimore Sun. and posing) Hi, Hank. passenger door from inside) CAR!! of shop as CHIP fumbles for his keys to open up. her to the "Gore" section and open a door covered with violent video display boxes to reveal a small closet. In here, Mom... But, Chip... Get in, Mom!  I have to open. This is so silly.  cassette into VCR and pushes "Play" button.  On video in shop we see "Leatherface" in "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" jump out from behind a bush and hack up a male victim. middle aged battle-ax, MRS. JENSON. Good morning, Mrs. Jenson. MRS. JENSON where "Leatherface" chases a girl to house where he "chainsaws" his way through door as the victim screams in terror) Haven't you had enough violence, Chip Sutphin? Turn that filth off!  Sorry, ma'am. MRS. JENSON Do you have the musical, "Annie"? getting the cassette) Sure do.  Did you bring back "Ghost Dad"? MRS. JENSON handing CHIP the casette) There you go.  I love Bill Cosby pictures. frustration) Mrs. Jensen, I've told you. You have to rewind the tapes before returning them! MRS. JENSON  Why? Because it's the rules! MRS. JENSON  I don't feel like rewinding it! MOM's face turns to stone in closet.  You see the sign!  It's a dollar fine for not rewinding and this time I'm gonna charge you! $2.99 plus one dollar is $3.99! MRS. JENSON grabbing video) Keep the change, you son of a psycho! MRS. JENSON stomps to door and slams it behind her as MOM's face twists in rage as she listens. What a bitch! It's the influence of all those family films.  Right, Mom?  Hey, Mom??...   Mrs. Sutphin? Mother? empty closet) 0h, shit! You don't think.... She wouldn't... street.  What's Mrs. Jenson's address? ...Jenner...Jenson, Emy Lou Jenson.  3511 Clark Avenue! That's right up the street! Come on!  Just in case! street. Hidden behind his "borrowed" car across the street is SCOTTY who has been watching them all along.  He takes off on foot after them. A carving knife slices through leg-of-lamb on kitchen table.  Camera pans up to MRS. JENSON's happy face as she fixes herself a leg-of-lamb sandwich and exits to living room. MRS. JENSON kicks off her shoes, excitedly pops videocassette into her VCR and climbs into her recliner for a relaxing afternoon of video pleasures.  She takes a big bite out of her sandwich, twangs the remote to start the video and smiles excitedly at hearing the overture to "Tomorrow" begin over the credit sequence to "Annie", her favorite musical.  Subtitle appears "12:09pm" and fades out. The door handle jiggles ominously. A large DOG rises up next to MRS. JENSON. MRS. JENSON What is it, Sylvester, a bird?  Shhhh.  Mommy's watching "Annie". watching and then slowly lets herself in kitchen door.  Her eyes immediately go to gleaming butcher knife on table. The DOG growls. MRS. JENSON Quiet, Sylvester.  Nobody's there.  Shhh...Lick Mommy's feet.  Come on!  Get 'em all wet! with video) "The sun comes out Tomorrow..." fear.  Come on! They sneak to side of house. Cut to SCOTTY watching them from a distance. roll over and "beg" for her with gusto as "Annie" soundtrack blares from living room. MRS. JENSON is bellowing out the lyrics to "Tomorrow" along with the soundtrack. MRS. JENSON "The sun comes out Tomorrow And you've got to Hang on to Tomorrow Come what may..." BIRDIE'S POV shot of MRS. JENSON singing along. MRS. JENSON "Tomorrow!  Tomorrow! I love you Tomorrow You're only a day away!" Hand held camera follows MOM clutching knife out of the kitchen into living room as she sneaks up on a singing MRS. JENSON. on MRS. JENSON through window. into kitchen. the singing MRS. JENSON building to the finale of "Tomorrow". MRS. JENSON "Tomorrow!  Tomorrow!  Tomorrow! I love you..." eyes light up in homicidal glee.  She leans down, kisses the DOG on the lips, and exits back to living room. MRS. JENSON is practically leaping our of her recliner singing along with the finale to "Tomorrow" on the credits to "Annie" as MOM creeps up behind her with leg-of-lamb. MRS. JENSON "....Tomorrow! You're only a day... AWAAAAAY!!!" the final note of the song. Blood splatters the happy scene on the TV screen. MRS. JENSON tries to struggle up from the floor but and finishes her off. in the sudden silence. "Tomorrow!..Tomorrow!..Tomorrow! I love you... right in on SCOTTY's horrified face. hearing SCOTTY scream and seeing him run away behind them. The DOG is devouring the leg-of-lamb on the floor. The DOG lunges at BIRDIE in window. I saw blood!  And it's brown! Not red like in horror movies, but brown!!  Is MOM...in there? No!  It wasn't like gore movies at all!  the other direction and charges after him like a bat out of hell. see MOM chasing him with a butcher knife. lawns. Oh God, I think I'm going to be sick... outside cooking grill as horrified HOUSEWIFE looks out her window at her, about to begin cookout and screams in revulsion. SCOTTY's convertible awaits him as he races towards it with MOM gaining on him with every stride. hops in just in time. he puts key in ignition. jabs through his convertible top. A van pulls to a stop.  Inside are two BURGLARS; one white, the other black.  They are surrounded by obvious loot: VCR's, cameras and silverware. What the fuck is that? Betty Crocker gone psycho!  Give me your fucking van before I kill you! seat) Yes, ma'am.  It's all yours. hops in and pulls off) Drive carefully!  White people sure are something!  Dear God...I promise I'll never watch a sex film again... I promise, I promise.... around corner in hot pursuit. speeding up behind him. Oh shit!  for MOM.  Seeing CHIP and BIRDIE, DAD screeches on the brakes and the kids run to car in relief and jump in. Suddenly SCOTTY roars by in his car with MOM in hot pursuit.  She sees DAD and family and blows them a lunatic kiss. Hold on, kids! A COP sees the speeding caravan as it careens around a corner. All units!  SERIAL MOM headed south on York Road. Proceed with caution! SHE'S ARMED AND FUCKIN' NUTS!! Large signs announce "SUNDAY ROCK-A-THON.  IN PERSON - 'CAMEL LIPS'" Subtitle appears "2:47pm" and fades out. On stage, "CAMEL LIPS", an all-female grunge-punk-metal band, dressed in their trademark skin tight slacks that gave the group their name, perform their hit song "Gas Chamber".  The monstrous but beautiful LEAD SINGER bellows and snarls the lyrics as the DRUMMER, a brain dead drug idiot, hits herself on head with drumstick in between beats as criminal looking biker-chick GUITARIST plays her instrument and mock-humps it with sexual abandon. The audience of on-the-edge kids goes bezerk, guzzling beer and slam dancing with frightening intensity nears the entrance waiting in line with grunge-metal kids.  I.D.?  Can I give it to you inside? Hey, buddy.  NOBODY gets inside without I.D. with a vengeance. of car.  Birthdate? information on his fake I.D.) Uh...December 14th, 1975.  Please! Ok, go ahead, As horde of cop cars with lights blinking and sirens blaring screech into parking lot, MOM pushes her way up in line and greets startled kids who recognize her. Hi! I know your mom... It's her! Who? Excuse me.  Age before beauty... The murder lady!  The one on TV! Cool!  Is she in a band?  Sorry...the police are after me...  Hey, you're Serial Mom!  I guess I am. and COPS rushing towards her) Come on in lady.  Quick!  Here, take this.  A backstage  Welcome to Hammerjacks, "Serial Mom"! Thank you so much, you kind, kind creature. A parents' nightmare.  Grunge-punk hell.  "CAMEL LIPS" is undulating suggestively on stage screeching out the chorus of "Gas Chamber" as they mock gasp for breath, dodge beer bottles thrown from audience and punch out male groupies who rush the stage past brutish bouncers. he is picked up and bodily tossed through the air by frenzied mob of "body-surfing" dancers. Excuse me...coming through... out of boy's hand) Bill Flowers!  You're underage!  Don't kill me, Serial Mom! hophead girl's lips) Just say NO!  And COMB YOUR HAIR, young lady!  Wow!  It's her!  MANIAC!!! through crowd as CHIP, MISTY and BIRDIE take over and begin "slamming" their way through crowd opening up a crowd for DAD. The COPS flood the place.  DET. MOORE sees MOM in the distance, grabs DET. BRADFORD and they begin to fight their way through crowd after her. "CAMEL LIPS" incites the crowd from the stage to fight back against the police. over his shoulder and seeing MOM gaining on him. lifted off his feet and tossed through the air by the crowd. MISTY, CHIP and BIRDIE see DAD airborne and start slamming into the crowd to save him.  MISTY and CHIP slam into big BIKER below DAD and DAD is knocked back to the ground safely. When BIRDIE sees a slam dancer with a trickle of blood running from his nose, she starts gagging at the sight of real blood. almost on top of him and leaps onto stage and runs for his life, dodging bouncers and beer bottles being thrown from audience. looks up at theatrical light rigging overhead and then back down at SCOTTY's face as "CAMEL LIPS" tries to hit him with their instruments.  MOM looks over her shoulder and sees DET. MOORE and DET. speaker, out of view of the crowd MOM pulls butcher knife from purse, cuts supporting rope and sends whole set of lights crashing down on SCOTTY's head. The crowd goes wild thinking it's more of "CAMEL LIPS" sickening theatrics. A gang of heavy-metal chicks slam into DET. MOORE and DET. BRADFORD and knock them to the ground. MOM's eyes light up in fury when she sees SCOTTY still alive, crawling out from under the lights, semi-conscious and bleeding. Thinking fast, MOM swipes a hairspray can sticking out of a girl's purse and uses her VIP pass to go backstage as CAMEL LIPS reaches its deafening crescendo of musical mayhem. As SCOTTY crawls to side of stage, MOM jumps out from a piece of backstage scenery and aims hairspray can at him.  Buckle up, Scotty! ignites SCOTTY's clothes in lethal flames without anyone seeing her. plays the final deafening note of their song and the crowd gives a screaming ovation, all holding up lit lighters, thinking SCOTTY on fire is all part of the act. DET. MOORE and DET. BRADFORD look to the stage in horror. as SCOTTY falls to his knees and keels over.  BIRDIE comes to and then faints again. The LEAD SINGER thinks it's a joke, pours a little Jack Daniels on the smouldering corpse and then jumps back in comic over-reaction when the flames light up again. MOM, now caught in the front row of laughing slam-dancing spectators, turns to her dumb-struck family, smiles and sticks fingers in her ears, mimicking that the music is much too loud. DET. MOORE and DET. BRADFORD slamdance MOM from both sides and knock her to the ground and handcuff her. they hang their heads in sorrow. "CAMEL LIPS" and the entire audience of grunge-punks boo and jeer the police as they drag MOM out as she smiles innocently in suburban lunacy. Slow fade to black. WINTER. DAD, CHIP, BIRDIE, MISSY and her new boyfriend, the car and follow him through crowd of hostile press- trial groupies, and MOM1s punk-grunge fans, feeling the full heat of MOM's serial killer infamy.  DAD wears a "Say No to the Gas Chamber" button and covered in peace signs.  CHIP, on the other hand, looks cooler, wears L.A. styled outfit and carries copy of Variety.  MISTY is obviously very much in love and the REPORTER seems to feel the same way about her.  Subtitle appears "Four months later, Monday, January 18th, 9:46am" and then fades out. Mr. Sutphin!  How does your wife feel?  Beverly is devastated by the charges against her. Female criminals are handcuffed and seated around joyous and Disney-esoue rendition of "100 Bottles of Beer on the Wall".  MOM sings out with insane happiness and glee. A "COURT TV" reporter is interviewing trial groupies as they wait in line to go through metal detectors to attend MOM's trial. ...And you, ma'am, how long have you been waiting to get in?  Since 5:00am.  But it's gonna be worth it!  I know she's guilty!  We've been to famous trials all over the country!  ..Manson.. .Watergate...  Didn't I see you at Hinkley?  I was there!  My husband thought I was crazy but... getting off elevator) LOOK!  HERE THEY COME!! That awful family! The hostile crowd starts craning their necks and screaming in recognition as if rock stars are making their entrance.  DAD is blinded by the press's flashbulbs as HERBIE HEBDEN tries to stop CHIP from signing autographs as BIRDIE hands out "Stop the Violence" handbills.  REPORTER BOYFRIEND gives MISTY the signal and she starts crying for his exclusive news shots. Packed with spectators, press and security officers. The middle-class jury of seven woman and five men take their place in the jury box as Sutphin family take their seats in front row behind HERBIE HEBDEN at his defense table. photos of victim's bodies at the District Attorney's table on other side of the courtroom.  He looks up in disgust as MOM makes her apple-pie entrance. Escorted by two stern-faced police matrons. Subtitle appears "10:00am" and fades out.  Hi, honey!  Kids, did you do your homework? They give her a weak smile and nod "Yes". Quiet in the courtroom! Court is now in session!  Hello, jury people. My name's Beverly Sutphin.  I like your jacket!  Mrs. Sutphin, I SAID QUIET! You are accused of mass murder! This is a court of law, not a coffee klatch!  Mr. Nazlerod, your opening statement. MR. NAZLEROD Thank you, your honor.  Ladies and Gentlemen of the Jury, my name is Timothy Nazlerod...  ...and I hope we can be friends! impartially) ...I warn you, this is not a pretty case...Beverly Sutphin is a woman evil to the core... looking MOM staring back at them) ...a rotten apple, if you will...  ...who beyond a reasonable doubt killed five innocent people!! making excuses) Well...they sort of deserved it...  Shhhhh! He looks over and sees MISTY and REPORTER BOYFRIEND are holding hands and glares at them to stop. MR. NAZLEROD ...THAT'S RIGHT!  SHE MURDERED THEM!...WITH A SPEEDING CAR... A FIRE POKER... something in his nose. MR. NAZLEROD ...A PAIR OF SCISSORS... embarrassment. MR. NAZLEROD ...A TOPPLED AIR CONDITIONER! there. MR. NAZLEROD ...THE LETHAL FLAMES FROM AN LAMB!! that the problem is solved. MR. NAZLEROD ...Beverly Sutphin is not a woman!... together to snuggle. MR. NAZLEROD ...SHE IS A MONSTER!! MOM's smile turns to horror as JUROR #8 on end of second row crosses her legs and MOM zeros in on her hideous white summer shoes. Wipe to a disheveled HERBIE HEBDEN, the ultimate liberal defense attorney, as he paces back and forth before JURY wiping his brow. ...Ladies and Gentlemen, I'm Herbie Hebden and you and I have a tough job ahead of us... ...I have known the Sutphin family for sixteen years... on a legal pad. ...Dad, Eugene, is my dentist... ...Chip and Misty played with my own children... ...but I've found out I don't know Beverly Sutphin at all! He is trying to ignore MOM as she passes him a note that says "Juror #8 is wearing white summer shoes!" ...No one really knows Beverly Sutphin... ...You see...  ...Beverly Sutphin is INSANE!!  I AM NOT! Courtroom spectators gasp as DAD's mouth falls open.  Yes, she committed these terrible crimes...  ...but that doesn't make her a bad person.  Your honor, I have a motion. I would like to fire my attorney, and defend myself! Sutphin family looks at one another, shocked at MOM's change of plans. Beverly Sutphin is not guilty, by reason of INSANITY! Oh shut up, Herbie!  I have the right to defend myself, your honor.  I've read the lawbooks!  "Ware vs. State, 1964", and "Schutte vs. State, 1962". Mrs. Sutphin, a defendant who has herself for a lawyer has a fool for a client...  Approach the bench! sign as BIRDIE nervously flashes her the peace sign. breaks up) Mrs. Sutphin, I have no legal choice but to allow you to take over as your own attorney. to MOM) You'll get my bill, I mean it!  A big one!  How do you plead?  Courtroom and press buzz intently at MOM's new plea. MR. NAZLEROD  I call to the stand, Dottie Hinkle! A vindictive and hostile, DOTTIE HINKLE enters the courtroom and eagerly takes the stand.  As she is sworn in, MOM watches her with an evil smile. MR. NAZLEROD Mrs. Hinkle, did you ever receive obscene telephone calls?  I certainly did. MR. NAZLEROD Did you recognize the voice of the caller? Not at first, but then I heard the same inflection in a voice at a social gathering and I put two and two together. MR. NAZLEROD Who's voice was it, Dottie?  It was her!  Beverly Sutphin! Sittin' right there!  I'm lucky I'm not DEAD!! Wipe to MOM approaching DOTTIE HINKLE for cross-examination. Mrs. Hinkle...do you drink?  No, I don't. So you weren't drunk when you received those alleged obscene phonecalls? I certainly was not! You mean to tell me the day I came over to Mrs. Ackerman's...the day you claim you recognized my voice...you weren't drinking?  One beer with lunch is hardly "drinking". MISTY, CHIP and BIRDIE smile at MOM's legal skills. So you do drink? Socially...I'll have a beer. So you admit you just lied? MR. NAZLEROD Objection!  Argumentative!  Sustained.  Watch your mouth, Mrs. Hinkle. Press scribbles frantically, beginning to doubt witness's credibility. without the JUDGE or anyone else in the courtroom besides DOTTIE seeing.  Did you see her?!  She just said "Fuck you" to me!  Let the record show I'm just standing here. I'm warning you, Mrs. Hinkle. One more obscenity and I'll charge you with contempt of court.  Mrs. Hinkle, are you insane? Police matrons lunge at DOTTIE as she leaps from witness box to attack MOM.  Mrs. Hinkle, I find you guilty of contempt of court and sentence you to a thousand dollar fine and five days in jail!  Lock 'er up! out) PIG-FUCKER! family as spectators watch, willing to give MOM, for the first time, the benefit of the doubt. Fade out. phone outside MOM's trial as long line of spectators wait to get in.  Subtitle appears "Tuesday, January 19th, 10:05am" and then fades out.  ...Well, you tell "Geraldo" to go to hell!  I don't care what Jeffrey MacDonald's people got - he's old news!  We fly first class or we don't do the show! A YOUNG MAN angrily approaches CHIP. Are you Chip Sutphin?  Hold on...  Yeah I am, but you'll have to speak to my agent... Your mom killed my brother! He punches CHIP in the mouth. his jaw) That's cool...hey look, you're Carl's brother, right? That's right. I'm sorry he's dead, but... have you signed off yet?  You mean for TV or print? TV, man!  Farrah Fawcett's interested in playing my mother!  Farrah Fawcett?!  Who's gonna play my brother?  Is Jason Priestly available? LU-ANN HODGES, pot-head witness from PTA murder is on the stand testifying for the prosecution. MR. NAZLEROD Miss Hodges, could you describe the car...the one you saw run over Mr. Stubbins in cold blood? LU-ANN  I seen that movie!...On cable! give MOM a friendly smile back while wearing yet another hideous pair of white summer shoes.  Trying to suppress her rage, MOM turns to spectator section and happily notices the faces of GUS and SLOPPY smiling back to her in support. MR. NAZLEROD  PLEASE, Miss Hodges! reading "The Case Against Capital Punishment". LU-ANN  'Scuse me...  ...Well, like I told you, it was blue.  The car, not the driver...  Just blue...you know...like blue! help of her REPORTER BOYFRIEND, is doing a brisk business hawking "Serial Mom" T-shirts to trial spectators. Get your "Serial Mom" T-shirts while they last! $19.95 plus tax!  Master Card or Visa! I'll take two.  I wish they'd had something like this at the Kennedy kid trial!... portable printer) Thanks, ma'am.  Signature here and home phone. DET. BRADFORD is on the witness stand. MR. NAZLEROD ...And these books... "Mass Murder in Houston") ...these disgusting books that so lovingly describe the sadistic acts of serial killers...Where did you find these books? DET. BRADFORD  In Beverly Sutphin's trash can. MR. NAZLEROD  You may cross-examine, Mrs. Sutphin. come.  Thank you.  Detective Bradford, if I was to look through your trash can, what reading material would I find? MR. NAZLEROD Objection!  Immaterial! You may answer. DET. BRADFORD .."Time"..."Newsweek".  My wife gets "Ladies Home Journal"...  Well, this magazine was found in your trash just last night...  ...It's called "Chicks with Dicks". DET. BRADFORD  The entire courtroom bursts into laughter except for his partner, DET. MOORE, who looks at him in shock. Don't judge people by what they read, Detective.  Your witness, Mr. Nazierod.  I'm a married man!! DET. BRADFORD  I hope you get the gas chamber! The jury is instructed to ignore the outburst of the witness. MR. NAZLEROD cross-examination) I call to the stand Rosemary Ackerman! Wipe to MRS. ACKERMAN on the stand holding the fire poker murder weapon tagged as evidence. MR. NAZLEROD ...and did you ever see the fire poker again after you left it with Mrs. Sutphin? MRS. ACKERMAN Yes!  Thirty minutes later it was covered with blood and gore and Carl Padgett was dead! MR. NAZLEROD No further questions.  Mrs. Ackerman, when you left me at the flea-market, where did you go? MRS. ACKERMAN ...Browsing. Did Carl Padgett buy something you wanted? MRS. ACKERMAN I didn't want that Faberge egg - it was chipped! Carl Padgett died for the Franklin Mint, didn't he?! MRS. ACKERMAN being pointed at her) NO!  I could never hurt anyone! Spectators buzz.  That was your People magazine with the letters cut out, wasn't it? MRS. ACKERMAN Yes, but I lent it...  And those were your scissors found sticking out of Mrs. Sterner's stomach, weren't they? MRS. ACKERMAN  Yes...but...I didn't...  Mrs. Ackerman, do you recycle? MRS. ACKERMAN silence in court as everyone stares at her in hostility) No...  I don't have room in my kitchen... GUS, SLOPPY and all the spectators let out a howl of disapproval.  Even the JUDGE scowls at the witness in disgust. "instant" book he wrote "Serial Mom - The Real Story" and autographing them for a line of housewives.  Could you sign it: "To a future Serial Mom"?  Sure.  You think she did it? I have reasonable doubt.  I feel like killing a couple of people myself! All the HOUSEWIVES in line begin booing and jeering MRS. ACKERMAN as she runs in terror from courthouse with GUS and SLOPPY chasing after her. DET. MOORE is on witness stand being examined by the prosecution. MR. NAZLEROD Detective Moore, did you then proceed to the stage area inside "Hammerjacks"? DET. MOORE Yes, I did.  Scotty Barnhiil was on fire and he fell to his knees in flames. gags as prosecutor hands DET. MOORE a gory 8x10 glossy photo of victim. MR. NAZLEROD Would this be what you saw? DET. MOORE Yes, sir.  A real barbecue. Suddenly a buzz starts in the courtroom and all heads turn to the back of the spectator section where the real life star, FARRAH FAWCETT* is entering with an entourage to "observe" Serial Mom. DET. MOORE, the JURY, even the JUDGE crane their necks to get a better look at FARRAH FAWCETT. MR. NAZLEROD trying to continue) Your honor!  May the photo be entered in as evidence and passed to the jury? Huh?...oh yeah...YES. DET. MOORE  Jeeeeze!  It really is Farrah Fawcett! to contain himself) I loved you in "The Burning Bed"! MR. NAZLEROD  No further questions!  I call to the stand, Marvin Pickles. this mystery witness. bathroom has locked himself in a stall and is scrawling "I SNIFF JURIES' UNDERPANTS" on wall. A POLICE OFFICER enters men's room, frantically banging on bathroom doors. MR. PICKLES!  MR. MARVIN PICKLES! Be right out. The Judge is waiting for you! follow him to the stand.  CHIP, who has joined worried expression. MR. NAZLEROD State your name, please. Marvin A. Pickles. MR. NAZLEROD Were you in the men's room at the Edmonson Drive In Flea Market on Saturday, September 19th? Yes, I was. purse. MR. NAZLEROD Did you see anybody in the booth next to you? get a better view up MOM's skirt. I...um...  uh... letchery. MR. NAZLEROD  Mr. Pickle!  Did you see anybody in the booth next to you? I...1'm not sure... starting to moan) ...I...oohhh...Excuse me... MR. NAZLEROD  What do you mean, you're not sure?! skirt.  In a brilliant legal maneuver she begins inching her skirt up a little higher under the table out of view of the rest of the courtroom, giving damning testimony.  There was nobody next to me: Housewife trial groupies start buzzing wildly in newfound support of MOM. MR. NAZLEROD  Mr. Pickles, you testified before the Grand Jury that you looked down and "saw a pair of lady's shoes" in the stall next to you. flapping her leqe back and forth under the table, flashing MARVIN her very prim nun-like undergarments out of view of the rest of the courtroom. perverted glory) Ohhhh!  I just said what you told me to! have rejoined the family in court and is horrified to see them with their arms wrapped around each other, cuddling. MR. NAZLEROD MR. PICKLES!! as MARVIN goes into his own private orgasm. Ooohhhhhh!  I made it all up! I never saw Beverly Sutphin in my life! MR. NAZLEROD  You'll pay for this, Marvin A. Pickles!  I'm turning your file over to the vice-squad!!  The prosecution rests, your honor. a sexy smile as he leaves stand) The prosecution has proven nothing, your honor.  The defense also rests! The spectators burst into spontaneous applause as verdict. conference to the throng of adoring reporters. ...I feel that Beverly Sutphin is an innocent woman, wrongly accused.  A normal housewife trapped in a nightmare of circumstantial evidence... argument. MR. NAZLEROD  ...That's her!  Henrietta Lee Lucas!  Joan Wayne Gacy!  A new face in the deck of serial killer trading cards... Find her guilty of all five counts of first degree murder...! ...I only hope that I can portray "Serial Mom"'s life on the TV screen with the proper dignity that this feminist heroine deserves. calm believability) Look at me!  I'm a normal person just like you are! design for mini-series showing FARRAH FAWCETT done up as MOM. ...But I've been framed by the police... out in courtroom. ...and perjured against by the very people I thought were my friends... eating a worm and shudders in horror as CHIP pats her hand affectionately. ...All I ask is that you have the courage to find me innocent of these terribly untrue charges... argument for the enthralled press corp.  ...All I ask is that you find me innocent of these terribly untrue charges... Dissolve to stern-faced JURORS filing back into jury box, not looking at MOM.  Subtitle appears "Two days later.  Thursday, January 21st.  3:20pm" and then fades out. Ladies and Gentlemen of the Jury, have you reached a verdict? Yes we have, your honor... ...We find the defendant not guilty of all charges. Courtroom erupts in pandemonium, FARRAH FAWCETT cheering the loudest.  MOM turns to family who sit stunned in seats. I'm coming home!! ghost.  Court adjourned! ...What should I do?  Bring her home...I guess.  No more violence...No more violence... Think she'll like me?  Just be nice to her.  And try ...just try not to get on her nerves. big hug as press, fans, even the jury cheer her victory. The stunned Sutphin family exits as MOM raises fists like "Rocky" to cheers of her supporters. flowers, signing autographs, posing for the press) I love you!  Thanks for coming!  Hi Los Angeles!  Hello Cleveland!  And you too, New York! Down the hall, inside a bank of old fashioned wooden phone booths is JUROR #8, excitedly talking on pay phone.  We did it!  We set her free! I knew she was innocent right from the beginning!... Without warning, MOM slams her way into phone booth, hangs up the call and grabs receiver out of JUROR #8's hand.  You can't wear white shoes after Labor Day! terror) No...please...that's not true anymore. Oh yes it is!  Didn't your mother ever tell you?! the telephone receiver. Well, now you know! conscious.  But...fashion has changed...  No it hasn't! with the telephone receiver. As JUROR #8's screams are drowned out by the passing telephone receiver until JUROR #8 collapses to the ground, her white summer shoes turned red with her own blood. Cut back to Sutphin family, holding on to each other for dear life as the mob of supporters swell around them. in the confusion) Beverly?  Beverly? not missing a beat. Right here, honey. Mrs. Sutphin, can we get a shot with you and Farrah Fawcett? Certainly. Hello, Beverly.  I'm Farrah Fawcett  You stand here...  Ok, boys, a medium two shot... side of FAWCETT) ...but please...if I could just... in place) Stay there, Beverly.  Smile, Serial Mom! Flashbulbs explode. scariest, most threatening voice yet) THAT'S MY BAD SIDE, FARRAH FAWCETT!! A JUROR down the hall screams in horror as she opens phone booth door and a bloody white shoe pops out. Freeze frame. Dissolve to epilogue title card:  "Beverly Sutphin is a free woman." 