Written by Rafael Moreu 13 FEBRUARY 1998 "I wish that I could write you a melody so plain That would save you dear lady from going insane" Bob Dylan, Tombstone Blues Perhaps even eerie. On a sea of red, filling the frame. A crimson ocean without waves or ripples. A thick housepainter's BRUSH dips in, revealing its paint. The BRUSH is extracted, paint dripping like congealing blood. INT. A HOUSE - NIGHT A white wall, where the BRUSH is moved horizontally, leaving a thick continuous stripe, until the paint thins out. A WOMAN'S HAND plunges the BRUSH back into the paint can, then takes up creating the stripe again, painting the wall: until it reaches &pleated drape -- -- and doesn't stop. A window and another drape receive the same treatment before the BRUSH is re-dipped. A PUPPY, a sad-eyed basset hound, sits on the floor watching, a bit perplexed. This is WALTER and even he knows this is weird. The dog looks over to... A FOUR-YEAR-OLD GIRL standing next to him, also watching. This is RACHEL. Dark haired, in a plain dress. Her large eyes are welling on the verge of tears. The BRUSH is dragged across the wall, hits a wooden picture frame, moves across a cheap oil painting of a pastoral, forest scene, and over the other edge of the frame. Another ANGLE takes in the red line, five feet high, parallel to the floor, extending around a modest living room. Painting the line is BARBARA LANG, in her thirties, yet worn, haggard- She hasn't slept in a while. The precision of her work, her concentration, her focus, as the line runs across a wall and into a corner, is more than a little frightening. Mommy This is a very careful line. Momma, come play with me. In my room. But her mother keeps painting across a door. Right now, mommy, okay? her task. RACHEL steps forward, tugs on her mom's I got a idea, we could-- -- and gets , , splat, right-in the face with the brush A TOY AMBULANCE sits on the floor. RACHEL's tiny hand deliberately presses a button on it. The TOY responds with a wheep whe ep siren, then:  If you need help, dial nine one one. If you need help, dial nine one one. A WALL-MOUNTED PHONE RACHEL's HAND struggles to reach the buttons to dial 9-1-1. BARBARA's still painting the wall in the background. Hello? It's my mom. She's doing some... some wrong things. She's doing wrong things, so, and, you should come. EXT. THE STREET - FROM ABOVE - NIGHT A light rain falls on an AMBULANCE sitting next to a POLICE Its dashing red lights splash over the umbrella carrying NEIGHBORS, in pajamas and robes, watching... her hands in plastic restraining cuffs. A wet RACHEL stands by a kneeling POLICE OFFICER holding a poncho over her head. Rachel? Rachel, are you okay? She keeps staring off, watching her mother being stuffed into the ambulance. Momma! She starts towards her, but the OFFICER holds her back. Honey, she just has to go somewhere, to get some rest, so she'll feel better. As the AMBULANCE pulls away, RACHEL catches a glimpse of her mother in the rear windows, watching her. is your dad around? When's he get home from work? I don't have a dad. The POLICEMAN collects himself. Okay. Then we're going to take you someplace nice, with a family, a really nice family, till we get all this sorted out.  No. WE'LL JUS She breaks free, races into. 4. INT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT Where she runs down the entrance hall. Behind her, outside, as the POLICEMAN runs toward the front door, it -- a hall. Another door slams shut behind her. She spins, frightened by the door that closed behind her. To her left... A WINDOW crashes shut, startling her. Then, like a wave moving in a circle around her, another WINDOW bangs down, a A CLOSET where she finds WALTER huddling and cradles him in her arms. The CLOSET DOOR swings shut, sealing her off from the world. In the dark, RACHEL is in a fetal position on the floor, dry eyed, in shock, curled around her puppy. There's the far-off sound of POUNDING on a door. NT. A DARKENED BEDROOM - DAWN RACHEL, now 17, is curled in bed around WALTER, also now a far more senior dog. She's enmeshed in tangled white Small TATTOOS come into view -- A delicate angel with broken wings on her ankle. A small EGYPTIAN ANKH is etched on her shoulder blade. Wrapped around her upper arm is an elegant THORN BAND encircling a HEART, either protecting or imprisoning it. There's a knock on her bedroom door. Rachel. c et up. You're gonna be late again. She rolls over, blinks awake. She's beautiful, with sensual lips framed by raven black hair. joy. BLACK. A SUPER burns in: M. O N D A Y A PAN AROUND RACHEL'S ROOM the usual teenage mess, clothes strewn everywhere. A POSTER of Jim Morrison reads: "No One Here Gets Out Alive." putting on a small nose stud. She dons her daily armor -- -- Slipping on multiple earrings. -- Applying Kohl around her eyes. -- Shrugging on a T-shirt with a photo of Sharon Tate captioned "Manson Sucks". -- Disheveling her long black hair. Scooping up WALTER, she kisses him, takes him to an open ground floor window. Sorry, Walt. And gently lowers him outside. EXT. A HOUSE - MORNING It's not the home RACHEL lived in with BARBARA. This one is run down and in the section of town where people have cars in their yards they've abandoned tinkering with. The lawn is overgrown, there's broken glass on the street. INT. KITCHEN - MORNING The crammed eat-in-kitchen of the WALLACE house. EMILYN, 40's, is ironing a waitress uniform on the counter. A groggy BOYD, 40's, enters, he's a trucker and looks like one. He goes straight for the refrigerator. to augment their income. 6. looks at his ..rife.  Working tonight? Graveyard shift, again.  Was the dog in the house last night? He's allowed in the morning.  Daytime, yes; nighttime, no. We've been over this ground. I only brought him in this morning. No juice? We're out of a lot of things.  I heard dog noises last night. When I was trying to sleep.  Walter was not in the house last night.  You watch that voice in this house. While you're here, you'll respect her as your mother, and treat her as such.  Sorry. She picks through her cold cereal in silence. Your mom's making progress isn't she, on the new medicacions, the tricyclics? 7. Yes, ma'am.  May I be excused? Without waiting for a reply, she stands and gathers the bowl.  And you should take that thing outta your nose. Don't you have enough holes in your head? As she turns away, RACHEL makes a face, but replies. Yes, sir. EXT. HOUSE - MORNING black backpack. WALTER sits next to her, behind a fence. A YELLOW SCHOOL BUS pulls up. Later, Walt. On WALTER, bummed. A gaggle of young KIDS in faded denims and pastels. RACHEL moves to the back, sits with LISA PARKER, who could be her younger sister, also dressed Goth, black lace and metal.  Well, hullo. She speaks. She opens her mouth and sounds come out. The sounds are words. What's wrong, fcscer-dad bein' a pain again? 8. Why are you so weiz.ly happy? o I look any different? Do you look any...  Oh, my gawd. You did it. Yep. With who? You'd never believe me if I told you. I'm bringing him to lunch. C'mon. ' 1 Fess up. All will be revealed in due time. gives it to LISA. You suck. I love you too. Simultaneously, they bite their thumbs, then press them together; a pantomime of blood sisters. Best Blood. / Best Blood. ARNIE, a skinny, pimply stoner, plops into the seat behind them, sticks his head on their seatback, smiles full braces. Hi there gruesome twosome, how 'bout a threesome?  Lunch. Meet me in the parking lot. 9. EXT. BERGEN HIGH SCHOOL - MORNING A modern, windowless school, shrouded in mist. It's beautiful in an eerie "Fall of the House of Usher" way. E SCHOOL ENTRANCE - MORNING Hung over the concrete entrance is a large bedsheet BANNER with oversized red lettering: The school mascot, a scrappy BULLDOG wearing a CROWN tilted at a rakish angle, is also drawn on the banner. The two major school cliques are... on the front steps. Land of burnouts, step-kids, Metalheat s skateboard junkiei-and other lost souls. A STONER KID kicks his skateboard up and catches it. HIS watching his board shoot down the steps whose metal rail separates Freak Hall and.., a courtyard with concrete tables where the school's royalty hold court. The cleancut "Patio People" are the jocks, student government types and others who have no idea what it is to be alone on a Saturday night. At the patio is a pack of muscular jocks in football letter jackets reading "Bulldogs", some sport caps marked "Dawgs: There's JESSE RYAN, handsome, longish hair, a young Eddie Vedor if Eddie ever played football. Next to him is... Behind them, arrayed around a concrete table are the large, doltish BRAD, hearty rich boy CHUCK, and the arrogant ERIC.  Hey, Mark, the girl over there, how many if I do her? 10. Six.  Hold it. I did her last week, I only got five. She was having a bad hairday. A group of PATIO GIRLS sit at another table. Among them is MONICA, a stunning brunette, AMY a cute redhead and TRACY, an icy BLONDE who could spend all day checking her makeup. away. MARK leans in to JESSE. Hey, Jess. Tracy, she wants you, man. Jump her bones. I JESSE Yeah, whatever. What's the matter with you, she's got an ass stamped "Made in Heaven I don't know, you ever have a conversation with her? It's like talking down a well. She only wants me cause I'm on the football team. So what? You want her to want you cause of your dazzling personality? Look, you want someone to talk to, you got us. H, you screw. watches LISA pass.  Woof- Coyote date. That's harsh, man, keep it down. 11 What's a coyote date? When you wake up in the morning, and she's sleeping on your arm, and the only way to get up is to wake her. So you gnaw your arm off instead. A goatee'd ENGLISH TEACHER nods to both camps as he passes. Hello Montagues, hello Capulets. A BELL goes off and the STUDENTS start filing into school. line of demarcation. For a piece of a second it seems as if he's looking back. She drops her head, walks away. INT. ENGLISH CLASS - DAY The ENGLISH TEACHER strolls among the student's desk. RACHEL is in social Siberia, sitting in the back. Okay, then how many saw the movie? A show of hands, all the girls, some of the boys. Now, how many read the play? A few tentative hands, including JESSE. I thank you for your honesty, but I am saddened. I'd like to think we're here to study William Shakespeare, not worship at the altar of Leo DiCaprio. Scattered laughs. I was going to calk about the language. But since you haven't Z&&d the language, let's talk about the plot. 12. Sighs of relief Romeo and Juliet, a tale of two lovers meant for each other, pulled apart by their families, society, and, some might say, by fate.  Why is it that we are so moved by love stories that end with separation? The STUDENT' s faces are blank. What are some other stories with this theme?  How about, Dr. Zhivago? Casablanca? Still blank. AMY timidly raises her hand. You meair like in Dumb and when the girl's husband showed up? The TEACHER surrenders to the inevitable. Okay, well. Perhaps at some level we know that Lauren Holly's husband  Rachel? I don't know that I believe in it. Believe in what? Love.  Well, then you've got bigger problems than passing this crass. 13.  Love is fifteen seconds of squishing noises. Unquote. Johnny Rotten. Scattered laughs. JESSE overhears TRACY as she nods at RACHEL, whispers to AMY... Who would love her? Do you think that all love stories are tragedies? I mean, unless they die at the same time, all lovers are eventually separated by death. Well, then Romeo and Juliet isn't a tragedy, because the only way they could really be together was in death. Very good.  A foul cynic, most cliche.  A true romantic, how refreshing. Kids scoff at JESSE, but RACHEL eyes JESSE, struck by this side of him. The BELL rings and ARNIE leads the exodus. Food! Next assignment, Brave New World, the book, not the TV movie. INT, HIGH SCHOOL HALLWAY - DAY A stone-faced LISA folds a NOTE, places it within her hallway locker, jammed to the brim with books; a photo of Fiona Apple and a Nine Inch Nails sticker are plastered on its door. EXT. ICE SCHOOL. THE REAR PARKING LOT - LUNCHTIME lockers. RACHEL appears, searching for LISA. 14. the wall as STUDENTS pass without acknowledging her. behind, realizes it isn't LISA. A STAIRWELL exiting onto the... SCHOOL'S ROOF She walks past a TRIO OF STUDENTS smoking near the roof's edge. Without slowing or blinking an eyelash LISA simply.. A GIRL turns in the direction of LISA's disappearance. Did you see that? LISA'S FACE smashes into the windshield which cracks in a spider web pattern. Blood fills the web. The sound of a droplet hitting car vinyl, then drops SPLATTER RED on our P.Q.V. EXT. THE SCHOOL PARKING LOT - DAY Standing in the lot is RACHEL. She stares in horror at -- bloody mass nestled in the shattered windshield. -- and RACHEL opens her mouth, but the SCREAM BOTTLED inside catches in her throat, which causes -- 15. A ROW OF OUTDOOR LOCKERS to "ULQ open, behind her, like dominoes, banging in a wave away from her, startling KIDS near them. INT. SCHOOL - DAY eyes of someone who's been to hell and back. A YOUNG GIRL is seated before her for counseling. in her doorway is the SCHOOL PRINCIPAL, chaos in the hall behind him. You'd better come with me, a girl just killed herself in the lot. EXT. SCHOOL PARKING LOT - DAY. More chaos. KIDS'rush in to see, others move away. Next to the car with LISA's body is RACHEL. Slowly, tentatively, without knowing what she's doing, RACHEL runs her hand along the car's hood, coating her thumb with blood.  Best blood. puts an arm around her shoulder. Corns. Come with me. Let's back off. One step. Good. Let's back away. students of Bergen High realize what's just occurred. INT. GUIDANCE OFFICE - DAY A SNOW DOME with a forest scene. RACHEL is in a chair, her face an ashen mask, staring at the dome on the desk. SUE offers a glass of water, RACHEL doesn't take it. SUE leans on the desk's edge.  Was she a friend? This is a place where you can calk about it.  16.  Or not. But if you need to, I'm always here. welling. Bur she doesn't cry. It's okay. Let it out.  I never cry. Miss Snell? She was so happy this morning. I don't understand. Why would she-- The INTERCOM BOX squawks: Ms. Snell, would you please come to the principal's office? Ms. Snell, please come to the principal's office. - SUE You stay here as long as you need to. Leaving RACHEL alone, looking all of five years old. INT. PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE - DAY A medium-sized office, standing room only. The PRINCIPAL addresses SUE and his STAFF as he hands out sheets of paper. The board of education has given us these procedures to follow. I want every teacher to read this aloud in their classrooms in ten minutes. Do not digress or become overly emotional or dramatic. His VOICE under... EXT. THE SCHOOL ENTRANCE - DAY A door BANGS open as RACHEL runs out and down the steps. Then I'll ask you to identify any students who may have been Lisa Parker's close friends and therefore may require additional counseling. 17. PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE - DAY He scans the faces of his troops. No memorials. No assembly. We want a return to the normal life of the school. what do we not want?  Copycats. Everybody got it? Nods all around. Then let's go with the drill. A TEACHER reads from the prepared statement to her class. One of our students died today. -- A FOREST -- Glimpses of RACHEL running through the trees. -- SUE at a microphone, reading from a sheet of paper: We will observe, at exactly two p.m... -- Her voice emanates from an INTERCOM BOX high on a classroom wall. STUDENTS bow their heads. .a moment of silence. EXT. FOREST - DAY th RACHEL -- running, branches tearing at her clothes. Lisa Parker may be gone, but she will not be forgotten by her friends. INT. CLASSROOM - DAY large pocket NOTEBOOK. A GIRL picks her nose. A 3CY yawns. Another BOY absently fiddles with his crucifix as he reads a comic book. 18. A GIRL and a BOY whisper to each other, then stifle a laugh. She will not be forgotten, by her fellow students, her teachers, and her school. EXT. THE FOREST - DAY of silence. She looks at her hand. It's trembling and still covered with LISA's BLOOD. EXT. ARI{HAM STATE MENTAL HOSPITAL - DAY th a sign identifying it as such. A fenced-in complex of spooky Victorian and Queen Anne buildings. EXT. A BUS - DAY approaches the hospital. INT. HOSPITAL BATHROOM - DAY institutional porcelain sink. She changes into a white cotton shirt. INT. STATE HOSPITAL, VISITING AREA - DAY The dilapidated room is a statue garden of catatonics and depressives seated on vinyl furniture before a static-filled T.V. PATIENTS shuffle past like motorized corpses. transformed RACHEL. BARBARA is lucid and beaming at her. Yes, baby, I really am feeling so much better. I feel so good on the inside, I must be glowing on the outside. You look great, mama. Lord, you come all the way out here, we can't keep talking about me. How are you? I wane to hear every little thing I'm missing. 19. and well adjusted today. Things are really great. Last night I, um, I had this slumber party, with some girlfriends. And this morning, Mrs. Wallace made us all pancakes before school. The Wallaces sure are a nice family.  Oh, they are. A nice family. What's wrong? Nothing, I just... I miss those crepes you used to make me. Oh, honey, those.crepes weren't nothing but watered down pancakes.  Come here baby. She gives her daughter a big hug. Now you listen to me, the doctors say I'm doing well. You know what that means? That means someday, soon, you and I are gonna be eating crepes for breakfast, lunch and dinner. For the first time, RACHEL's smile is genuine. That would be so great.  Oh, I look at you, remembering what you were like at five, at ten...  All I need is a little Loving Care for these grey hairs and we'll make up for all the time we've lost. ooks at a wall clock)  20. Now you get going before you're late for work. Yes, mama. INT. HOSPITAL HALLWAY - DAY wire, waiting to be buzzed out. The NURSE on the other side is on the phone. klnq of heLL She cocks her head, noting the capitalized letters reveal a hidden message: SLL. A smiling TEENAGE GIRL wears a nightgown with a large wet spot where she's soiled herself, without warnin she lets. out a arcing ; ,e. C'mon, c'mon. Let me out! The door buzzes and she shoves through. EXT. THE KENNEL - DAY A restaurant/bar decorated with the BULLDOG insignia on a football helmet. INT. THE KENNEL - DAY The rear end of a young WOMAN in tight jeans walking away. Backfield in motion. everywhere; Bulldog lamps and paw prints painted on the floor. The bar's packed with local BUSINESSMEN. JESSE, MARK and the other BULLDOGS are in a corner booth. A.middle-aged, bearded WAILER with half his face bur -SS-arred approaches. Boys, what can Z get you? 21. Hey, Al, we'll have three 1ï¿½.rge pepperoni pies and two pitchers of beer.  , Three large pizzas and cokes all around. B I can't wait to play Carlin, man, I'm onna bash Todd Simpson's face in. He scored two touchdowns on you last time, dude. B Yeah, I wish hl would jump off a roof. TRACY, MONICA and AMY are at a table across the Kennel. Yo, Jes$, I think Tracy's following you. He pulls out the black NOTEBOOK. Now then, according to the scoreboard Jess, you'd have to bag every girl here to catch up. You need the points. I'll give ya ten for Tracy. Do her, Jess.  Do her, do her, do her. d the others join in. All right, all right. them move to... 22.  When Lisa asked me to lunch, she was actin' like were on the road to marriage or something. I told her to wake up, she was just a pump, a nut. And she freaked and took a header. And now I freakin.'. The Notre Dame scout's comin' Friday and it this gets out, I mean, sex and suicide? Catholic schools frown on that shit. No one knows 'bout you and her. Lisa took a picture of me with. her. Shit. Okay. I'll handle it. How? Eric, relax, its me, Mark. I'll handle it. The WAITER sets a pitcher of soda and cups on the table. pitcher of beer from the BARTENDER. I don't see nuthin'. sits, hiding the pitcher below table level. Hello, boys. Hi, dad. below the table. Great game last week. All of us on the town council are awful proud. He hands MARK the cup under the table and takes JESSE's cup. The PLAYERS smile at each other. So, the Bulldogs bringing home the state championship again this year? Absolutely. We're gonna crush Carlin Friday and make it seven years in a'row. That's what I like to hear.  It's good to be king. INT.SCHOOL HALLWAY - DAY A CRASH of metal as the lock is cut off Lisa Parker's locker with a pair of boltcutters held by SHERIFF KELTON, 30"s, a former Bulldog himself. The PRINCIPAL and SUE stand nearby. Opening the locker, KELTON finds LISA's NOTE. As he pulls it out, something falls from the note. What is it?  Looks like a suicide note.  .and a stub. Royal Photos. EXT. ROYAL DRIVE-THRU PHOTCMAT - DAY RACHEL's at her job, an island in the middle of a parking lot. She wears her Walkman, listening to music. Across the street is a 7-11 type store. INT. MINIMART - DAY ARNIE,che sweet-natured stoner, mops the floor. He waves to RACHEL, who gives him a half-hearted wave back. 24. INT. ROYAL PHOTOMAT - DAY Photos glide out of the developing machine. RACHEL pulls the pictures out, stops dead when she sees they're shots of LISA; With RACHEL, laughing. LISA with Rachel's dog. RACHEL's finger tenderly slides along LISA's face. She's shocked to find a picture of -- a car. LISA's holding the camera at arm's length. JESSE's CAR pulls up outside. MARK sits beside him.  Oh! She peels off her headphones. Sorry, didn't scare you, did I? checks her out, likes what.he sees, nudges JESSE. You're... Rachel, right? She nods, surprised he knows she's alive, much less knows her name. I'm Jesse. Uh-huh. The true romantic. So, Rachel, there were some pictures Lisa took. They have, what you might call sentimental value. She just stares at him. MARK pulls a twenty from his wallet. Twenty bucks cover it? No. 25. What do you mean? I'll go thirty. They're not your pictures. Well it's not like she's gonna be picking them up, is it? Hey, cool. it.  Rachel, why don't I come by when you get off and, you know, take you for a ride? T MARK C'mon, I don't bite... not unless you want me to. I don't think so. Why not?  Cause I'm a dyke. and bores holes into her. Let's go, Jess. The car pulls away, MARK glances in the REARVIEW MIRROR at RACHEL, framed like a target.  Bitch. I'll show you funny. Seconds later, a SHERIFF'S CRUISER pulls up. 26. Hi. He holds out Lisa's PHOTO STUB. RACHEL takes it, sees the name, her eyes widen. EXT. A HILL - NIGHT A star-filled sky hangs above the town's makeout spot, a hill overlooking Bergen. MARK and CHUCK stand outside a car sipping beers. JESSE's CAR, a blue G.T.Â©, is several yards away, with foggy windows. The backseat. JESSE's on top of TRACY. He pulls away from her. She pulls her top down, sits up. I'm sorry, it's not you. its me. It's okay. You should save your energy for the game anyway. hesitates, then nods at them. TRACY's and the number 10. He shoots, he scores. her makeup, pleased with what she sees. She glances at JESSE as he re-enters on the driver's side. What are you thinking about? Nobody. I asked what, not who. Oh. Nothing.   27. Doesn't it bother you that a girl offed herself today? Why? She wasn't anybody. What? I mean, I didn't know her.  You know, I still don't have a date to Mark's party Friday. Hint, hint. She leans over and nibbles on JESSE's ear. He pulls away, forces a smile and turns the ignition. INT. RACHEL'S KITCHEN - NIGHT doing dishes. She crouches to retrieve the broken plate. silverware on the counter as the metronome of the sink faucet's DRIP, DRIP, DRIP and the micro-explosions of the soap bubbles in the water intensify to deafening levels. dancing. Pots and pans on a hanging rack start rattling. A RUMBLE as more dishes and utensils vibrate and rattle, as if by a paranormal force. But as RACHEL casually straightens up and looks out the window, it's revealed it's only... EXT. RACHEL' S HOUSE - NIGHT house. Its engine shuts off.., .and the spoons and dishes stop vibrating.  Daddy's home. She walks to her bedroom and closes the door. 28. EXT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT hound, scurries past him and into the street. Come back here, mutt.  Aw, good riddance. And he closes the gate. INT. RACHEL'S BEDROOM - NIGHT her door. Your dog got out. Better get'im. INT. JESSE'S CAR - NIGHT JESSE's driving alone, wiping Tracy's lipstick from his cheek. EXT. THE STREET -NIGHT 's in her overcoat over her longjohns. She looks down the road and blanches as she sees WALTER trotting towards... The road in front of him, a two-lane blacktop with CARS and Walter! And she breaks into a run. WALTER looks back, starts running, this is all fun for him. There's the low BLEAT of a TRUCK'S HORN and then... The high, piercing SQUEAL of a wounded animal. In the road, WALTER, laying flat, keening in pain. She runs to him and in one continuous motion SCOOPS him into her arms. RACHEL, in the middle of the two lanes. She turns as.__ approach, fast. 29. She stumbles under the dog's weight, tries flagging down a car. Help me! Please! It speeds past, dangerously close. Another set of LIGHTS. Stop! Please, stop! But the CAR passes, blaring its horn. She spins,around. is bearing down on her. She holds her ground. sharp, fierce projectile. RACHEL, splattered with dog's blood. He gets out, stares at his'windshield, shaken-up, groping for some explanation. Damn. What... damn. PLEASE-- Oh, my god. . JESSE'S CAR - NIGHT It's my fault. He should have been in bed with me. Everything's gonna be all right. His voice is not entirely convincing. 30. Through the spidered windshield: The car's headlights pierce the night. INT. THE VET'S PET CLINIC - NIGHT A craftsman bungalow which serves as a vet's hospital. The only light is over a FEMALE VET in her bathrobe, tending to sides of the table, for the blood. His name's Walter. will he be all right? The VET's intensely focused on inserting an I.V. into the dog. You two had best wait outside. Let's go. Best thing's to let her do her work. her dog. rocking herself, caked with blood. He tries to comfort her. Your dog's gonna be okay. She nods, unconvinced. God, I almost roadkilled you. Are you sure you're all right? She nods. They hear a muffled, "pmt", from the VET in the examining room. JESSE tries to take RACHEL's mind off it. That tattoo on your arm, its pretty. Hurt a lot when you got it? some. 31. Yeah? But it's... you know, like the song says, you hurt yourself to see if you can still feel.  I'm sorry. For what? For making you-- No problem. Glad to help, you know. And I'm sorry about your windshield, about your car. How bizarre was that,, huh? Anyway, wasn't your fault. You can be sorry for things that aren't your fault. The VET enters, drying her hands. RACHEL sits up, bracing herself for the bad news. JESSE puts an arm around her seat back, getting ready to hold her. Walter's banged up pretty bad, lost quite a bit of blood, but he's gonna make it. Can I see him? Come back tomorrow, any time after eight. EXT. HOUSE OF BREAKFAST - NIGHT Your typical I.H.O.P. JESSE's CAR is parked in the lot. 32. INT. BATHROOM, HOUSE OF BREAKFAST - NIGHT RACHEL's at the sink, washing the dog's blood from her arms. A WOMAN walks in, sees her. Looks alarmed. INT. HOUSE OF BREAKFAST - NIGi4T As RACHEL moves through the restaurant, THREE PATRONS stare, stare, stare at the blood stains on her coat. She slides into a booth with JESSE. He's eating eggs. Better. You don't look like a mass- murderer now. She smiles, sips a coffee. A country song comes on the jukebox. Wow, this music. Guess we should just count ourselves lucky it ain't Hanson.  Lisa hLUd them. She was a friend of yours? She nods. really sorry. Sometimes I'd see someone, from behind, and I'd know, I'd just know, it was Lisa. And then she'd turn ound, and it wasn't. But sometimes, you know, it was. And now...  Whenever I see someone who looks like her, and she turns around... it won't be... ever. They both go quiet, not knowing what to say.  Wow. It's late. "ve got football practice tomorrow. 3 I know. I hope I didn't ru;.n No, if it wasn't for you I wouldn't have had this nutritious medl, You're very polite, for a jock. The compliments, they just keep on comin'. He drops some money on the table. I don't have any-- 's cool, I got it. Can I give you a Et home or something? I can walk Yeah, right. Or hitchhike. Right.  or I could wait for my limo,  You could. You could just wait fo that limo. INT. JESSE'S CAR - NIGHT his engine. He pulls up in front of RACHEL's house and kills Thank you. For everything. 34. I guess I'll see you in school tomorrow? Sure. You'll let me know how Walter's doing? Yeah. Good night. He extends his hand. She takes it. 3i2! The SHOCK of static electricity. Their words are simultaneous. Dry weather. Acrylic sweater. They both laugh. Then go quiet. Then just stare at each other. Then the moment is gone. house. JESSE watches her go. Starts his engine, and his car EXT. SCHOOL PARKING LOT - DAY looks up, sees LISA approaching the roof's edge. RACHEL's heart sounds like its bursting from her chest. Lisa don't! Somebody stop her! Stop! arms outstretched, hair trailing like black flames. RACHEL'S. 33. NT. RACHEL'S BEDROOM - NIGHT RACHEL's eyes pop open as her body jerks awake, heart, pounding. She looks around, realizes where she is. A SUPER: T U E S D Under which is heard: "For a moment, I thought someone was actually seeing me. But it was all a lie..." INT. GUIDANCE OFFICE - DAY "Eric lied when he said I was special. And I guess I was lying to myself when I believed him." He folds the note. Rachel, is there anything in there that strikes a chord for you? Do you know what Lisa was referring to?  Yesterday morning, she told me she'd, uh, lost her virginity. You recognize this boy? Sure. Eric Stark. He's on the team. 36. with another "Heat Carlin!" banner in the background. What do you think? Robbie, I had a Freshman crying in the hall last week. I couldn't get anything out of her, but her friend told me a football player slept with her, then dumped her. Nothing illegal about breaking a girl's heart. Eric's 18. Lisa was 15. That's statutory rape. That's a stretch. Then let's make it. I don't know what's going on around here, but if that's what it takes to stop it, let's stop it, before someone else's daughter kills herself. All right. I'll look into it. How are you feeling? okay. Fine. Can I go no I was looking at chic last night. it says here your mom's in Arkham.  How's your mom doing? 37. She's gonna be fine. I spent some time up there. As a patient. Does that surprise you? I guess. I mean, you seem pretty normal. Thanks. i try. You visit your moat often? Is that scary for you? Why? Well, children of schizophrenics sometimes live with the fear of it happening to them. At your age, it's perfectly normal to be afraid of turning out like your parents. Normal, huh? Get real, I know I'm ten times more likely to get it than most people. You're right. I'm sorry. So. You've been in a series of foster homes since you were, what, four? How's your foster family? They're happy, - 'z-rig as they get their check every month. 38. What about your real father? Never met the gentleman. My mom won't even tell me his name. edge of the desk. Rachel, in a way, you've lost your mother. And now you've lost a friend. Losing someone can be a very lonely, painful place to be.  You're right, I.lost my mom, I lost my, friend, the people who cared about me. But you only get paid to care. I really do care. How can I show you that I do? Rachel? But RACHEL's shut off, pushing down a storm of emotions. You know, this room is a place where if you have feelings, you can talk about them. You can let them out. MUG. And, as if by proximity alone, it EDGES off the end of the desk -- And FALLS -- sorry. I must've knocked it. SUE, the color draining from her face. I didn't... see you knock it. 39. The DOOR swings open and the PRINCIPAL walks in, lays a computer printout on her desk. Sue, could you update the absentee lists, see who we have to call?  ure... sure. She turns, and RACHEL is gone. NT. SCHOOL HALLWAY - DAY closes his locker to find RACHEL approaching him, intimidated, but determined. She looks him in the eyes.  know. I know what you did. A chill goes through him. Not saying a word, he turns, walks through the crowd, looks back. She's still rooted, staring him down. EXT. FREAK HALL - LUNCH She looks up, sees a BULLDOG letter jacket standing over her. It's JESSE. Hi. How's Walter?  Good. I'm picking him up today. Why aren't you hanging out with your friends over there?  What's up? What's wrong? She sees the hurt look in his eyes and softens. What do you wane from me? 40. I just wanted to, you know, see how you're doing. Over his shoulder she can see the stir his presence aC Freak Hall is causing among... in a compact mirror. Look at Jesse, talking to a burnout. She's not very good in daylight is she? wonder where she keeps her coffin. So you'll meet me tonight, at the --yeah. Okay.  Okay. See you. Tonight. What'd he want? He asked me out. What'd you say? I said, "Okay, its your funeral." Pardon me, but is hanging out with jockboy such a hot idea? I mean,  41. I heard he's dating Tracy Campbell, who is giving you the look of a thousand deaths right now. heart sinks. She's beautiful. Duh. INT. FOOTBALL LOCKER ROOM - DAY Bulldog game against the Carlin Cougars. All right, as you can see from last year's tape, the Carlin Cougars are a tough, physical team. So Friday, it's gonna be kill or be killed. On the VIDEO -.- MARK misses an easy block. WALSH points. Here, we can see mark Sing kissing an opposing player good-bye. There are hoots of derision from the other PLAYERS. MARK nods. ERIC leans into MARK, speaks low. You didn't get the picture? Bitch wouldn't give it to me. Stay frosty, no one else knows anything. It's still at the photomat, I'll get it. You two ladies back there gossiping? No, sir. Excellent. Then you can give me fifty when we hit the field. 42. EXT. FOOTBALL PRACTICE - DAY C'mon girls, those are love taps!  Potter, show me you're a dog. Aww, coach. You know the drill. The other PLAYERS begin a BARKING CHANT. CHUCK strips off his helmet, jogs to the bench and opens a styrofoam cooler, within it are slabs of raw steak on blood soaked ice.. Show me you're a dog, Potter. The barking rises as the PLAYERS psyche up CHUCK, who chews off a bite of the raw meat. JESSE whispers to MARK... I hate this bullshit. Not me. I love it. tilt at the, blocking tackle, smashing into it with meaning. You're a piece of work, Bing. SHERIFF's CRUISER pulling --p to the practice field. INT. A BUS - DAY funny cone around his head. appalled by her appearance or the doge. Show me you're dzgs'. 43. EXT. FOOTBALL PRACTICE- LATER do drills. The CHEERLEADERS run their practice in the' background. on the sideline, SHERIFF KELTON is talking to ERIC, who's sweating bullets as he fiddles with his helmet. So, you're saying you never met or talked to Lisa Parker? No, sir. Never. N Eric, who's this you're hanging onto, a ghost? A pinball machine as MARK plays, applying some body English to it. A wired ERIC enters, a bundle of violent energy. What happened?  Kelton, man, with that sheriff's badge he pulled out of a cereal box. Somebody told him I did Lisa. He nails me with a picture of me and her, starts talking statutory rape. Relax, that's bullshit. Your dad's a lawyer, he'll kill that talk dead. So I'm suspended. And Coach, Coach he up and does this scene where he says, "give me your helmet." 44. What about Carlin? What about Carlin? Game of the year, football scouts are gonna be there and I'm gonna be sittin' on the bench with my thumb up my...  You said you were gonna get the pictures. I tried. That Rachel bitch wouldn't give'em to me.. She's the one who put me and Lisa together. Shit. what are we gonna do, Mark? EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT the trees in front of someone's middle-class house. Who's place is this, again? Nimrod. It's Carlin's quarterback.  Hey, dogs! C'mon, we got a mission. as MARK peels out. 'S BATHROOM - NIGHT A HAND WIPES shower steam off a mirror, revealing a wet RACHEL, a towel wrapped around her. jy are going to be late. She hears her doorbell go off. 45. as RACHEL opens the door. What'd you forget your-- There's nobody there.  --keys? She looks around, closes the door, locks it, wraps her towel tighter. As she crosses back to her room. There's a KNOCKING on the kitchen back door. She frowns, goes to the back door, looks through the glass. No one there either. Now she's worried. . ' RACHEL  Boyd? Emilyn? She turns when the DOOR HANDLE on the front door JIGGLES once. She stops dead. Spins as... The BACK DOOR handle starts JIGGLING. She backs into the living room and spins as-- Something starts TAPPING on one of the living room WINDOWS. Like a wave moving around her, a WINDOW on the other side starts TAPPING. JIGGLING, which grow increasingly loud r. She puts her palms against her temples, as if struggling to keep something bottled inside: Oh, god, oh, god. Not now. Stop Suddenly all goes silent. She jumps as... The PHONE RINGS near her. She scoops up the cordless. Beat. Hello? 46. There's a long pause on the other end.  What's your favorite scary movie? EXT. RACHEL'S HOUSE - NIGHT scurry around Rachel's house. Who is this? sees a SHADOW run past a window. who is Wig? Knock it off. Is this you, Arnie? Ding, ding, ding. Wrgnq, guess again. What do you want?  You. The JIGGLING and the TAPPING starts up again, loud. The BOYS Rachel! Rachel! Rachel! Rachel, come out and play now. where a bandaged WALTER is on the bed, looking alarmed. I'm calling the police. She hangs up, dials 911, fumbling with the knife. INT. PIZZA PARLOR - NIGHT A beer-and-slice emporium. JESSE'S at a payphone, hearing a bus y sianal on RACHEL Is line. He hangs up. INT. RACHEL'S BEDROOM - NIGHT A horror-movie-moment as RACHEL waits for 911 to pick-up. Behind her, a HAND is reaching through the open sash window, pulling it up to gain entrance. RACHEI.  I have an emergency. Now, right now! Yes, 3366 Elm Street... She turns, sees the HAND at the window. No! The WINDOW SMASHES down on the intruder's HAND. There's a muffled YELL outside and the HAND is extracted. EXT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT Headlights light up MARK's face as BOYD and EMILYN's beat-up And takes off, joined by ERIC, clutching his injured hand. â€¢ SE - NIGHT RACHEL, still stunned by what just happened. The cordless in her hand speaks: 911 OPERATOR  Hello? Hello, :Ma'am, you still there? the front door. 48.  Yes. It's okay. Things are fine. She hangs up as a clueless BOYD takes in her freaked-out appearance. What's wrong? Nothing. She retreats into her bedroom, looks at the Window. The Don't go tellin' stories about my Eric. Click and the line goes dead. She hangs up. The PHONE RINGS again. She doesn't answer. The PHONE RINGS on another extension. EMI, swers. Hello... just a second. Rachel? curled on her bed with WALTER, calls out: I'm not here. INT. PIZZA KING - NIGHT Okay. Thank you, then. He hangs up. Checks his watch. Waits. SUPER: WEID NElinA_Y 49. EXT. SCHOOL ENTRANCE - DAY A SCREAMING DEVIL fills the frame. The bed of a speeding PICK-UP TRUCK is jammed with kneeling screaming bloody murder as they fire RAW EGGS at... The BERGEN STUDENTS gathered at the entrance. The PICK-UP speeds off as STUDENTS recover, straightening up from their ducking positions. MARK and his cohorts go running after the truck. Carlin creeps! At Freak Hall, ARNIE rises, wipes egg yolk from his hair.  Hormonally-charged mo,,,ï¿½r 'â€žns. Why do the innocent always get hit in a drive-by? Hey, what happened to you last night? I waited. You tell me what happened last night. What? night. He gets more and more agitated. from the Patio. What is wrong with this movie: does he see in her? Come on Trace, you're caviar, she's cheeze whiz. He'll come around. He's just letting little Jesse do the thinking for big Jesse. 5 Okay, don't worry, I'll talk to Mark, I'll take care of it  No, don't... maybe all this isn't such a good idea. All what? I mean, guys like you are supposed to date girls like Tracy. I'm picking you up tonight. We're gonna have a nice, mellow date. starts filing in.. She moves, he smiles, blocks her way. I'm not going anywhere till you say yes.  All right. Okay.  Yes. hand, then falls in next to her. RACHEL'S arm is grabbed by... S May I speak with you a second? INT. GUIDANCE OFFICE - DAY she wants to be. She idly plays with the forest SNOW DOME. stack of index cards. What are those, tonight's Top-Ten list? 5 These are just an exercise that will let me know how to help you better. You're wasting your time. Just answer true or false to these statements.  "There's a man inside the television set who tells me what to do." False. I don't see the point- "Sometimes my thoughts assume the form of a giant insect." This ddesn't make any sense. Answer true or false and this won't take all day. Again: "Sometimes my THOUGHTS-- False. She sets down the SNOW DOME. "If you want to play the piano well, you have to practice." True. "I can see sounds and hear colors." False. "Large furry animals crawl on my face every night while I sleep." True. 52. I have a dog. this one, not reading off a card. Sometimes I can move things with my thoughts. Beat. RACHEL stares at her, a million thoughts racing. Another beat. The only sound is the clock ticking on SUE's desk. RACHEL grabs her backpack and stands. Honey, sit down. I just want to hel YOU-- --and fuck you. You're not my mother! on the desk EXP DES, splattering water and white flecks all over the desktop. RACHEL looks at it. As RACBZL flies out the door. EBT. FOOTBALL PRACTICE - CAY tackled him. What was that? 'hat are you, Miss Manners? Show me you're a dog, Ryan. A few of the nearby PLAYERS begin their barking chant. 53. Can't, Coach. Say what? The barking trails off. The other boys are stunned. Oh, shit. Well, I'm not a dog today, Coach, I'm a vegetarian. Since when? Don't give me that. Show me you're a dog, Ryan. Sorry, Coach. No can do. Â€¢ WALSH Your attitude sucks. Hit the showers. Get outta my sight. head with water, sits there, looking angry. INT. LOCKER ROOM - steel and grunts from the boys at the weight machines. The mist in a shower, through which are glimpses of a lean male figure with rippling stomach muscles. It's JESSE. MARK and BRAD enter the showers.  Yo, lover boy, whatsa matter? Didn't ya nut that tattoo chick yet? Brad, how many points he gonna get for straightening a dyke? Twenty, no, thirty. They fingertip high-five each other. 54. Jess, you score the skank yet? What's with him? Must be that time of the month. towel, approaches him. Jess, what's the matter? You. What's with the stunt you pulled last night? What? Papering McCabe's house? I asked you if you-- What you did at Rachel's. what? We were just sendin' her a message. Tell me, I'll pass it on. Look, man. She's getting Eric in all kinds a shit. I mean, if he gets charged with rape, there goes any Screw Eric, he's a big boy. He made his own decisions, he's gotta live with 'em. And stay away from Rachel, or deal with me. 55. What are you getting bent for? She's just a burnout, a slut-- back. The rest of the PLAYERS in the background go quiet.  Don't call her a skank, don't call her a slut. What's wrong with you? We screw with girls, use them, because it makes us feel like big men-- Get to the bad part. ' - JESSE I'm tired. I'm tired of all of it. What are you talking about? We're friends, we're all friends. No. We just grew up together. And he walks away. On MARK. Pissed. He sees JESSE left his letter jacket behind, hanging on the locker. INT. ARKHAM STATE MENTAL HOSPITAL - DAY KIng of heLL The capped letters read: KILL. where RACHEL sits with BARBARA, holding her hand. There are occasional MOANS and SHOUTS from other PATIENTS. B Baby? Rachel? What's wrong? 56. Mama, what was it like? WhEn you started to... when things went bad. What did it feel like, what did you see? B h, honey, why do you want to-- Did you see things move by themselves? Please, mama. I have to know.  Well, first, I thought I saw the devil in your eyes. Then I started to see people's faces looking... deformed, like they'd had plastic surgery, or the bones were moving under their skin.  For a while, I thought I had this bi snake wrapped around my neck, and I couldn't'talk, or it would try to go down my mouth. sits, thinking. There is something different about you. Baby, are you all right? Yeah. Yes. Everything's fine. Everything's gonna be all right. A BUZZ and as RACHEL leaves, she smiles at. sitting on the couch. BARBARA shifts slightly, looks at a A LARGE SNAKE is coiled around her neck. She closes her eyes. opens them. And the SNAKE is gone. 57. There's the high, mechanical wssshh sound of film sliding through a gate on the-- INT. PUBLIC LIBRARY - DAY A MICROFILM MACHINE as IMAGES STREAM past its screen.' Black and white, abstract, poignant, fleeting, with newspaper text, scratches and magnified pieces of dust. July. June. May. is illuminated from below by the view screen. And now: She stops on a NEWSPAPER front page: With a PHOTO of C ' RIK W iITE at age seventeen. The headline identifies her as the girl thought responsible for the arson at Chamberlain High School which killed 73 people. The text below the photo states that ga1nh White is the ,father of Carrie White. staring. Totally absorbed. A HAND grabs her forearm. SUE jerks. Looks up. The library is closing. EXT. HALL OF RECORDS - DAY building. INT. HALL OF RECORDS - DAY An aging photocopy, white :,n black o 59. Rachel Ann Lang's BI CERTIFICATE. She scans the certificate finds: MOTHER: Barbara Elizabeth Lang. FATHER: WN S  EXT. ARKHAII STATE MENTAL HOSPITAL - DAY SUE'S red VOLVO sits before the entrance to the hospital. breathe to summon her courage.  You can do this. She gets out of her car, holding a box of chocolates. INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - DAY the lock seems to cut through her. She hesitates, then pushes in to... .and approaches the NURSES STATION. I'm here to see Barbara Lang. Stay here, I'll get her. approaches with a smiling MALE PATIENT. Suzy? Suzy Snell? Hello, Doctor Nelson. 59. Suzy Snell, one of my rare success stories. What brings you back? I'm visiting the mother of one of my students. I heard about the good work you're doing at the high school. The PATIENT turns and softly starts thudding his forehead against the wall. The DOCTOR casually pulls him away before he can harm himself. R Excuse me, Sue.  Come see me after. I'd like to hear how you're doing. INT. THE VISITING'AREA - DAY chocolates. The MOANS of PATIENTS seem to rattle S Thank you for the chocolates. Thoughtful of you. S AT) Mrs. Lang, why didn't you ever tell Rachel who her father was? BARBAR. Wasn't important. Why was it important for her not to know? Why would she need to? Hrs. Lang, I need to know who he was. sorry, that's private. 60. Mrs. Lang, it's important that I know his name. I really don't see how that's any of your business. I promise you, I'll keep the information in the strictest confidence. I'm just trying to help Rachel. She seems very troubled and I'm worried about her.  You're worried? Very worried I am. Yes. You don't have children, do you, miss? No. No I don't. regains herself, then, with tremendous conviction... Then you don't kzgx. You will never ever know, how terrifying children can be. SUE, frustrated, it's like punching water with this wo Rachel needs my help. She...  She has a... a disease, a genetic disorder I think her father passed on to her. I need to know so I can help her. Who was her father, Mrs. Lang? es SUE, then goes quiet, lost in her memories. 61.  I did tell Rachel how I met him. He said it was love at first sight. I was his waitress. I insisted he try the cherry pie, 'cause I'd baked it myself. He said, with every bite of that pie, he could see our future together. By the time he got to the crust, he could see what I would look like, all old and saggy... and he still loved me.  He left me after Rachel was born. I never told her because, people around here aren't too fond of Carrie White, for what she did. I didn't want her having to grow up with that. His name was Ralph. Ralph White. SUEgoes cold. So they are half-sisters. EXT. MINIATURE GOLF COURSE - NIGHT A castle, a windmill, and yards of worn astroturf. One of those places you go for fun if you're young and the city's too far away. laughing. -- JESSE takes a swing, muffs a shot, tosses his club. -- A tricky par-four hole, featuring a dogleg and a slope to the cup. RACHEL hits the ball. And it rolls a hole-in-one. -- She leaps in the air with joy. Behind her, JESSE feigns dropping dead. EXT. MONARCH MOTORS - NIGHT A sign reads: MONARCH MOTORS, below it are a row of USED peanuts. That's my dad's dealership. Y all that will be mine. 62. EXT. WITHIN JESSE'S CAR - NIGHT stickshift between the two bucket seats. He accelerates and You are good. I'm impressed. My foster-dad taught me on his semi truck. Where we going? EXT. THE HILL - NIGHT The twinkling lights of Bergen below. Stars above. RACH and JESSE lay on the hood of his car, leaning against the windshield. Before he sold cars, my dad wanted to write this book: One Hundred Senators Pick Their Favorite Restaurants.' So, he wrote, to all of them. All of them? Dear Senator So-and-so, I am writing a book. Anybody answer? Yes. No. Sort of. She laughs. He got two letters back. one was a form letter which said, 'Thank you for your support.' And the other? The other was from Hubert Humphrey. Who? 63. He was the vice-President once. He wrote back a three page letter, raving about a place called Wally's Burger Hut. My dad was knocked-out. So your dad wrote a book, color me impressed. He never wrote it. Or he was going to, and then my sister was born, and then I was born. And there was this car dealership, and it was security. So your dad wanted to be a writer. How'd his kid end up being this sweaty armpit jock?  Sometimes when they throw me the ball, it feels like time just slows down. And I know where to be and how to get there. When I have that feeling I catch it. Always. Every time. And you like that. Yeah, I love it. Except. My dad. He's got my life all mapped out. He wants me to take over the business. What's wrong with that? Sounds like a nice life. Selling used cars is not what I want. And, unless I nail that football scholarship,' that's what I'll get.  Wow. I can't believe I'm telling you all this. I've never said any of this out loud to anyone before.  Must be great not having to be like anyone else. 64. It's not so great. Sometimes I wish I could just be one of the shiny, happy people. Does that surprise you? Everything about you surprises me. There's the soft pops of rain hitting the car as it begins to drizzle, then it comes down hard. against the doors as rain streams against the windows.  I used to know this guy, could suck a strand of spaghetti through his mouth and out his nose. He called it Brain Flossing. He had a talent. You. You got football. It'll get you outta this place. You can make your own path after that. Write your own book. Yeah? Want to come with me? She smiles. He leans forward. And she pulls away-, afraid, then decides to let him. They kiss. Then she pulls away. What? This... She indicates the gear shift. is poking me right in the ribs. JE55E's eyes flicker to the back seat. Um, I don't know how to say this. 65. Yeah? But I've never... Oh. And, I'd want it to be special. Like you ring the doorbell, with flowers in your hand. Right. So... what's your favorite flower?  Daisies. EXT. RACHEL'S HOUSE - NIGHT in his car. The street's wet, but it's stopped raining. --later. She pulls away, exits, closes the door for the-- INT. RACHEL'S BEDROOM - NIGHT EXT. THE WOODS - NIGHT A massive GOTHIC BED sits incongruously in a clearing. are making love. She's on top, her hands on his chest. Their glistening bodies catch the light of a RING OF FLAMES bursting around the bed. 66. RACHEL'S HANDS suddenly sink into the flesh of JESSE's chest. She SCREAMS as she tries to extract them,. but strips of his flesh stick to her like flypaper. Their bodies fuse, a grotesque apparition with four legs and two heads. Her mouth presses into his as their faces merge. The ring of fire leaps inward, consuming the bed. T H U R S D A Y EXT. FREAK HALL - MORNING So, you're coming to the game, right? I don't really get football. C'mon. I need you, for good luck. All right. I'll be there. Good. I have practice today, but I can pick you up later, seven thirty? Sure, go practice. Go be great. Live the life you want. What kind of life do you want? 67.  I don't know. I have a hard time picturing it. Well if you can't, I'll do it for you. What do you mean? I will predict your future. Uh-huh. Can I get a hint? 'm in it. If he's gonna do it, you know, be seen talking in public with someone else, he should show some respect.  He should show me the respect, at least, to be seen with someone pretty. Someone cool. Someone who counts. Amy or you, you know, ate. Instead, it's Its. And I feel... Disrespected? That's right. I wish there was something I could do to make him come to his senses. On MARK's face, a slow, insidious grin that seems to spread into eternity appears. What? Let's nail the bitch. Plan a way to screw her like she's screwing us. .TRACY, a wicked smile as she nods. 68. INT. CLASSROOM - DAY EXT. PARKING LOT - DAY A dark smudge is spread on the empty parking space where LISA died. No one parks there anymore. Where are you taking me? There's something you have to see. EXT. THE WOODS - DAY A DREAM-LIKE GLIDE past SUE's VOLVO, parked on the roadside, and through the trees. This used to be the school for the whole district. Chamberlain High. It was closed down in 1976. EXT. THE OLD GYM - DAY A burned-out hulk, shrouded in mist. There was a fire here that year. The night of the prom. Seventy-three people died. A few of us survived. INT. THE DESTROYED GYM - DAY Dark; full of exposed wires, metal rods and pipes, countless empty beer cans. Two mattresses are laid out amid the debris. haunted look on SUE's face. 69. Sounds of horrible SCREAMING. Flashes of.KIDS stampeding. Burning. Dying. A fire rages behind CARRIE as she steps off a platform, turns and looks at us with the face of an avenging angel. present day, as SUE flinches. I haven't really been here in over twenty years. But it feels like I've been back here every day since. Happy homecoming. Can we go? This place is spooky. Gives me the creeps. Do you know what happened here? You just said. A fire. What caused it? They think a boiler blew up, okay? Am I gonna be graded on this? Come on, you've heard of Carrie White.  Everybody has. And?  Supposedly, she set the fire, as part  ! 0. of a revenge-suicide thing. Elvis was her date and they escaped in a U.F.O. I know what happened to that snow dome, on my desk.  It fell. We both saw it. I know everything there is to know about Carrie White. She did this. It began with what you did, with the snow dome. Then it got out of control.  I'm cold. Let's go. It's a genetic recessive trait. The male is the carrier, when he combines with the right female, the trait surfaces in their offspring, usually in women. Like King's Disease, hemophilia. What are you saying I have? Its a trait, Rachel, you inherited. Telekinesis. With all respect, lady, you're seriously bat-shit. I'm walking, back to the real world. SUE's voice is low, quiet. Your mother told me your father was Ralph White. Carrie's father. It stops RACHEL in her tracks. 71. I don't believe you. She never told me, why would she tell you? You need help-- Like what? Like they helped you? Yes. No. So then it's Arkham for me? No. I can help you, get it under control. You want to know what I'm feeling today? `Happy. Happier than I've ever been. So I don't want or need your help. Rachel! INT. FOOTBALL LOCKER ROOM - DAY Hey.  Just wanted to say two things. I'm sorry. Maybe I overreacted. Don't play with me. I'm not. We've been friends since we could both pee standing up. And I thought we'd be best friends forever.  Never thought some girl could come between that. Look, I know I'm scum. I'm lower than scum, I'm smegma, I'm butt lint. 72.  Keep going. I'm sorry. I'm not the one you should be apologizing to. You're right. I'll come up with a way to make it up, to b of you.  tryin', brother, I'm tryin'. INT. DISTRICT ATTORNEYS OFFICE - DUSK Light streams in through the slatted blinds. The young D.A. is at his desk. MR. STARK, Eric's attorney father, sits across from him with ERIC. SHERIFF KELTON and COACH WALSH: also sit in chair's. You're not really thinking of pressing charges against my son. D.A. We're doing more than just thinking. I need the boy for the game. Robbie, we've known each other a long time, since you were a Bulldog. Save it, Lou. Sue Snell told me there were other girls-- Those kinds of girls know what they're getting in to. Eric's a good kid, he may be guilty of some youthful TRANSGRESSIONS-- Youthful transgressions? A girl killed herself. 73 The door opens and the town's MAYOR walks in, grey-haired, distinguished, with an air of authority. D.A.  Mr. Mayor. Sit, everybody, sit, 'm just listening in. He leans against the desk, arms folded..  Okay. Cards on the table. My boy isn't going down alone then. D.A. Go on. He hasn't done anything other boys on the team haven't done. Eric can even get proof of it. Mark Bing, Jesse Ryan, Chuck Potter, Brad Winters.  Now, there will be college scouts at the game Friday. Eric takes a fall, I'll make sure they all do. You want to be responsible for tarnishing all these boys lives? Well. I think that about sums it up. He looks at the D.A., as if to give him his cue. D.A. Robbie, I just don't think I have enough evidence to ruin this boy's reputation. BUT-- D.A. That's it, Robbie. That's all. Lou, thank you for coming in. I'll walk you out. 74. They all stand and shakes hands. ever entered this room. he He looks across at ERIC, sitting, a smug look on his face. EXT. SCHOOL PARKING LOT - DAY Hey, man, I got it. This girl, this Rachel, is special to you, huh? Yeah. The cabin. My folks aren't there. Get away from all of us idiots. Go have a romantic time. And bring her to my party. I'll show you we can be one big, happy family. EXT. STREET/TRACY'S BMW - DAY Finally, she's going into the mall.  Perfect. We have the homefield advantage. INT. SHOPPING MALL, DEPARTMENT STORE - DAY The cosmetics department of an upscale store, mirrors on every counter. A SALESwoMAN sprays perfume samples on passing shoppers. She pulls up short as she encounters... The PERFUME WOMAN watches RACHEL pass. 75. Stopping at a counter, RACHEL takes in the vast array of makeup, the models on the displays. She sees a YOUNG COUPLE go by, very J. Crew, very much in love. She turns to her own visage reflected in several mirrors on the counter.  You're normal. At the end of the counter, the PERFUME WOMAN approaches a Karen, watch the girl in black, make sure she doesn't pocket anything. BY- Can I help you? Uh, just looking. The woman gives her a smile of devastating insincerity, crosses her arms and just stands there. RACHEL gets her drift. Oh, hi. Karen, this is a friend of mine from school. The SALESWOMAN nods, moves away. Thought she was gonna frisk me. She does Step Class with my mom.  You should see the scars from her liposuction. trails her. 76. What are you looking for? Nothing. Just lookin'. Is it perhaps, something to wear on a date? Perhaps with a certain jock- hunk we all know?  No. You know, Tracy isn't universally loved. There's a shock. Exhibit A. I think she's a Melrose Place superbitch. You have great lips.  No, really. Look, this shade would look very kissable on you. Soft. Trust me. See, Tracy tried to steal Brad from me. Now hold still. And RACHEL does. So, he invite you to the game? Just nod. Well, there's a big party after. I hope you can go. I know it would mean a lot to Jesse if we all got along. 77. Uh-huh. Good. See? Checking in a mirror, RACHEL sees she's right. Here, these two would also rock on you. The SALESWOMAN reappears. Can I ring those up? Um, sure. How much are these? Twenty-two fifty. Each. SALESWOMAN. Maybe next time. Bye. She pulls RACHEL away. As they walk the SALESWOMAN keeps looking at RACHEL with distaste.  Here, I kleptoed it for you. She slips RACHEL the lipstick. INT. RACHEL'S BEDROOM - NIGHT P.J. HARVEY She's burst/ dropped off! picked the fruit! realize! I'm naked / I'm naked too./ So cover rrry body/ dress it fine/ hide my linen and lace. She pulls on a silver, thrift-shop SLIP DRESS, moves a slee ve to cover her tattoo. 78. P.J. HARVEY  So fruit flower myself inside out/ I'm happy and bleeding for you / fruit flower myself inside out / I'm tired and bleeding for you... She slips off her nose stud. EXT. RACHEL'S HOUSE - NIGHT gangster girl, with. one leg planted on a step like a cocked gun. She's bone-chillingly beautiful. He gets out, opens the car door for her. What happened to that little thing you wear, that, uh... He gestures to hib'nose, indicating her stud. Took it off. Too bad. I like it. It's different.  Just, you know, throw'em in the back. EXT. A CABIN - NIGHT A small cabin in the woods. Fire light in the window. JESSE's CAR is parked in t;^.e gravel alongside. INT. THE CABIN - NIGHT with a chenille spread. It was nice of mark to lend us the place. He's really tryin' to make peace. Invited .s to his party. But we won't go if y;,u,d be uncomfortable. 79. He moves to the bed. No. Let's go. Great.  What's wrong? I feel like.., we're being watched. She looks up at the MOOSE HEAD's MARBLE EYES, reflecting firelight. JESSE drapes his jacket over the MOOSE HEAD. Sorry, Bullwinkle, lights out.  Feel better? Feel scared. Funny. He too., He leans in to her. She backs away, like a skittish doe. I'm sorry, I just feel... weird. I don't know. Oh, wow, I am really losing my mind here. It's okay. Rachel, it's okay. It doesn't have to be tonight. Whenever you're ready. And, hey, you know what, you're the sanest person I know. And that's exactly what she needed to hear. She cups the back of his neck and pulls his lips to hers. They kiss; a deep, healing kiss. brushes aside one of the straps to her dress,, which slips off her shoulder. 80. in the bed, making love. Firelight playing over their skin. It's beautiful. what we all wanted our first time to be. They move slowly, as if all the pain in the world could be erased, ï¿½f only they could become one. JESSE watches RACHEL Her face open, vulnerable. seems peaceful, holding on to JESSE like a child, they're covered by the chenille spread. Their sweat clings to them like the softest of prisons. He's awake, studying her. He gently runs his fingertips across her brow. E  I love you. off them and across the floor. out. There's the gaping lens of a VIDEO CAMERA visible in the corner of the window. Its RED recording light on. A SUPER - BLOOD RED: F R D A Y INT. RACHEL'S BEDROOM - MORNING And the round BLACK PUPIL of WALTER'S EYE. He lays on the bed watching'RACHEL sneaking in through her window. trying to be mouse quiet. She gets safely inside when her bedroom door opens. 8l. You were out all night. warning, slaps her. You're grounded. No school today. You don't move from this room. He turns on his heel, walks out. The dog looks as stricken as she does. A SERIES OF DISSOLVES: Of RACHEL in her bedroom, as the day passes. The sun moves across the floor as a ghostly RACHEL and her dog FADE IN-AND-OUT around the room. She lays in bed, staring at the ceiling. Paces her room like a prisoner. EXT. ARKHAM STATE MENTAL HOSPITAL And it looks even spookier at night. INT. STATE HOSPITAL, VISITING AREA - NIGHT Dimly lit as SUE SNELL sits with Rachel needs help. She doesn't believe me and I'm afraid for her. I want you to tell her who her father was. Why? She'll believe it from your lips. Mrs. Lang, I really need your help, before it's too late. I can take you to her. Will you help me? Â£2. EXT. FOOTBALL STADIUM, STANDS - NIGHT The entire town has showed for this traditional rivalry and there's Bulldog paraphernalia galore. RACHEL appears in the stands, looking a bit lost. Down front sit MONICA and AMY. On the field are TRACY and her fellow CHEERLEADERS. Rachel, Rach, over here. Hey. Grab a seat. Looking around, RACHEL sees she's surrounded by Patio People. Thanks, but... Oh, please, you're.not gonna sit by your lonesome. There's plenty of room, if Amy;here slides her bubble butt.  Very witty, Ms. Bulimia. But she moves over. RACHEL tentatively sits. INT. FOOTBALL LOCKER ROOM - NIGHT working on the last players. They turn to him in unison. We did it for the big game. C'mon, Jess, you're up. Then he starts to... giggle, then breaks into laughter, turns and walks away. A P-ALN Man, he'll ruin the whole effect. 83. EXT. THE STANDS - NIGHT No, no, it's an extra point when you score the kick after the touchdown. A safety is when you get tackled with the ball in your own end zone. Thought that was a bunt. What? I'm kidding, I'm kidding. Okay, listen. Here's what Brad told me to say, doesn't matter if something good or bad happens, just say "You. gotta be fuckin' kiddin' mel" No matter what, just say that. It'll sound like you know what's going on. INT. STADIUM TUNNEL - NIGHT with all the pageantry and sheer rush of a hometown crowd. The school band plays like they're going to bust a gut. Hysteria and bloodlust fill the air as the crowd starts a barking chant. on the sideline bench. He scans the crowd behind him, sees. A NOTRE DAME SCOUT, wearing a "Fighting Irish jacket, toting a clipboard. grin. She glances at the SCOUT, smiles back at JESSE. start the game. The BALL spins end over end until... 84. It's caught by a BULLDOG receiver who starts his return, then is popped hard and FUMBLES. An OPPOSING PLAYER leaps onto the ball on the muddy quagmire of a field. n the stands... RACHEL, MONICA, AMY  You gotta be fuckin' kiddie' me! They turn to each other, burst into laughter. grunting, spitting and cursing as LINEMAN butt heads and. -- A CARLIN RUNNING BACK steamrolls through the BULLDOGS for a touchdown. -- RACHEL, MONICA and AMY do their You gotta be fuckin' kiddin' me routine. Do they have to hit him that hard? Amy, Rachel's worried about Jesse. Don't worry, i always looks worse than it really On the sideline, MARK SMASHES his helmet to the ground. INT. ARKHAM STATE MENTAL HOSPITAL - NIGHT mpatient SUE sits before an exhausted DOCTOR NELSON. 85. Well... I understand you need to take out Mrs. Lang, to do a drug-abuse intervention with her daughter. But while she's doing well, her condition may be fragile.  In good conscience, I could only release her in your custody for two hours. 0 Thank you. Hold on. You have a bunch of release forms to sign. I'll go get them. On SUE, sitting, knowing she-may be running out of time. EXT. FOOTBALL FIELD - NIGHT The BULLDOGS prove their worth with brutal play as they cream the CARLIN QUARTERBACK for a big loss. The Notre Dame FOOTBALL SCOUT writing notes as he watches... He catches a pass, but two DEFENSIVE BACKS converge on him and he gets bone-jarringly plastered. For a moment, it looks like he's been decapitated.  Jess! Oh, no. 86. their cameras flashing. to the sideline. Thank, God. He's okay. achingly beautiful spiral in SLOW MOTION. streaking along the sideline. Ahead of him, a monstrous CARLIN LINEBACKER closes in on him with murder in his eyes. Look out ! All the PHOTOGRAPHERS on the sideline have their CAM g The blinded LINEBACKER plows into the SIDELINE PHOTOGRAPHER And the CROWD goes berserk as the BULLDOGS throw their helmets in the air.  You gotta be... wow. she had anything to do with what just happened. INT. LOCKER ROOM - NIGHT The Bulldogs are still whooping it up as COACH WALSH approaches JESSE. 87. Ryan, Notre Dame scout's-here, wants to talk to you first. Brad, can you tell Rachel I'll be out soon? Have her wait for me. INT. STADIUM CORRIDOR - N confidence in her beauty. She gives RACHEL, a shark's smile. It's gonna be a while, Jess is talkin' to the scout, he said for you to go ahead to the party.  Rachel, did you hear that, Jesse's talking to the scout, isn't that great? Yeah. C'mon, I'll give you a ride to Mark's. EXT. RACHEL'S HOUSE - NIGHT No, this couldn't be it. Rachel said it was a real nice house, surrounded by trees, with a pool in the back. I guess she didn't want to worry you. INT. RACHEL' BEDROOM - NIGHT The bedroom door is opened by EMILYN. SUE and BARBARA stand behind her. They find WALTER, alone on the bed, blinking awake. 88. An upper-class home built in the international style of fieldstone and gray-stained wood. The house is set back from the road, surrounded by trees, with a pool in the back. A herd of parked cars and throbbing music indicate MARK's party is at full tilt. INT. MARK BING'S HOUSE - NIGHT Japanese anima. level living room with exposed wooden beams. There's a large, roaring fireplace and a Jackson Pollock splatter PAINTING hangs opposite. Sliding glass doors overlook the backyard patio and swimming pool. Careful! Don't break anything, or Mark'll have my head on,a plate. EXT. MARK'S HOUSE - NIGHT mill outside the door, trying their damndest to look cool. Hey, Monica, can ya get us into the party? Sure, Arnie, wait here. I'll come back for ya.. . And she waltzes past him. . in two or three years. How come she gets to go in?  To new friends. They raise their glasses and RACHEL joins in with a hesitant smile. Their glasses clink together for the... EXT. STADIUM PARKING LOT - NIGHT He stops dead. Damn it. Under a pool of lamplight -- HIS CAR has had its tires slashed and someone has sprayed in red Carlin uies!â– across the door. Oh, wow, that sucks. Further proof Carlin guys are gravy sucking pigs. Yeah. Need a ride? You goin' to Mark's? Wouldn't miss it. Hop in. As he gets into her car, TRACY has one hand on the wheel, the other hanging out her window. She drops something as JESSE closes the door. parking lot's tarmac. Just a quick stop at my house, want to change my outfit. Her car pulls off... 91. INT. MARK'S HOUSE - NIGHT I really like your nail color. Check out the tattoo on her arm wild huh? Yeah. Did that hurt? No. Well, yeah, actually some. Oh, it's just too cool. I'm dying to get one, but my mom would have a shit fit. So would mine. She says I'm not that type of gi rl. What type is that? There's an awkward pause which MONICA breaks. A slut.  That's why you should take all of us in for tattoos! She looks around at everyone at the party, laughing, dancing. The shiny, happy people. it feels weird, but here she is. She smiles, takes a sip of her drink. By the stereo, MARK cranks up the music as CHUCK dances over to AMY, pulls her into the dancing CROWD. BRAD grabs MONICA. C'mon, wench, let's dance. He pulls MONICA into the crowd, and she gestures for RACHEL to join them. 92. No, I'd rather wait for Jesse. Oh, c'mon, Rachel. He'd want you to have fun. Yeah, c'mon, Rach. There's a chorus of "C'mon, Rachel" from the guys and some of the other DANCERS join in. An embarrassed RACHEL surrenders, sets down her drink and enters the dancing group. All right, girl. a few moments, everything seems perfect. And she throws her head back and laughs. Hey, Chuckzilla, why don't you put on the highlights tape? You mean tonight's game? Yeah, tonight's game. Okay. Let's go to the videotape: He dances out of the group over to the VCR where he pops out a tape and inserts a tape marked "Bulldogs Highlights". of the Bulldogs playing football. Is that tonight's game? No, it's the other game. Still dancing, she turns back to the group. 93. What other game? The game you were in. The others laugh. She smiles, confused. What? The one you played. Yeah, yeah, what was the score? Chuckie, pass me the scoreboard, I wanna show Rachel how she helped Jesse win the game. pretends he's a quarterback hiking a ball. Twenty-four, twenty-six, hut, hut, hut. He drops back to pass the NOTEBOOK. Go long, Bradzilla. other dancers. CHUCK tosses the NOTEBOOK over RACHEL and Post-pattern, Mark! Ducking around DANCERS, MARK raises his hands for the pass. spiking it for a touchdown and does a silly victory dance. she still looks a bit befuddled. Rachel, catch! He throws the NOTEBOOK through the air, where it tumbles end over end for a few slow beats, then is caught by her. 94. there's an almost subliminal -- boys are a little out of breath, but still grinning and dancing. Open it. Go 'head, read off the scores. Start with Eric. Yeah, start with poor Eric. She opens the book, looks at the pages with a quizzical expression. She sees the Bulldog names across the top of the page with lists of girls beneath each one. Every girl has a number next to her with a total at the bottom. What's Eric's score? Twenty-two? bottom of ERIC's column with the number four next to it. What's up, Rach? You know someone on that list?  Lisa. Oh, yeah, Lisa, forgot about her. How many points was she? Four. But maybe he shoulda lost those when she offed herself. 95. Rach, look under Jesses's name, how many points you get?  Two, four, six, eight-- Who do we appreciate! points next to it, then, above hers, sees TRACY with ten. No, more than that, remember, we thought Rach was a dyke. He got extra-points for the conversion. points? Try thirty. it. Look at her face, this is priceless. At the front door, JESSE walks in, TRACY behind him. He looks around, hasn't seen what's going on yet. ERIC intercepts him, turning JESSE away from the TV. Hey, man, what did the scout say? Behind Rte... and smashing into each other, longer and longer segments appear of... A COUPLE MAKING LOVE -- from the waist up, with thick scan lines that almost make it look surreal. It's obvious that the girl is RACHEL, and the boy is JESSE. laugh at the set. RACHEL is completely unaware of what's going on behind her. 9 See, we didn't think Jess could do i so he offered to get evidence, proof that he'd scored you. Here comes Jesse's big play! Lookie, lookie, Rachel. then laughing at her. She turns and sees... The IMAGES of her and JESSE on the TV. Her face goes slack with horror. Oh, God Jess was disappointed with the picture quality, but I told him it was better than Pam and Tommy Lee's tape. Rach, was it good for you too? Sure looks like it, don't it? Why don't we ask Jesse? He turns and calls out. Hey, Jesse! Over here! stares back, horrified. Then he sees the TV set behind her What... RACHEL. TRACY throws an arm around him, kisses his neck. He told me he was thinking of me when he fucked you. 97. Seeing MARK laughing, JESSE realizes what's going on. Rachel... He tries to shrug off TRACY, but ERIC and CHUCK grab his arms and pull him back into the crowd. Rachel! Rachel! Rachel! She tries to get away, but BRAD pushes her into MONICA who shoves her to AMY as they join in the chanting. Rachel! Rachel! Rachel! Drowning out JESSE's cries. RACHEL's P.Q.V. -- spinning around. A NIGHTMARISH GALLERY of dancing, jostling torsos, TWISTED FACES and LAUGHING MOUTHS, smirking and pointing at her. of RACHEL and JESSE making love. The assault of music, chanting and images crescendo with... forcing her to face the TV screen. Hey, is that a zit on your ass? since she was four years old. She bows her head. 98. A LAUGHING BRAD glances down at RACHEL's arm. The THORN VINE around the HEART TATTOO looks bigger, edging up her arm. He looks away, shares a laugh with MARK, looks back and... on RACHEL's upper arm is growing, etched from within, the thorn covered vine snaking like a tendril up her arm. Holy shit. He releases her. broken heart turned to stone., The delicate THORN VINE has grown across her chin, cheekbone and forehead, swirling around to end on her other cheek. A stunned BRAD backs away from her. way towards RACHEL. Her HEART POUNDS at an alarming rate as she slowly turns and sees JESSE coming at her, his arms out to take her in his embrace. A KNIFE on the bar dances and rattles, then... A WHIP PAN finds... JESSE, as his back arches in pain and he screams. The KNIFE embedded in his open palm, nailing his hand to the wall. What the fuck? A CORKSCREW has pierced his other hand, at waist level. The 99. Everyone on that side of the room stops dead, taking in the bizarre sight. The kitchen door CLOSES... The glass doors to the back yard slide SHUT... The front door SLAMS.  What's going on Mark? I dunno. The floor starts to shake like a small earthquake. All the is frozen, even though the music keeps pounding. her features, but her eyes are glowing. surrounding the room, begin to RATTLE, then CRACK in a spider- web pattern. Then... CROWD. if by a machine gun and... A WHIP PAN -- Finds a BOY impaled by a large, jagged shard. are splayed across a wall of KIDS falling to the ground. The hard-edged music keeps playing while... CHUCK's decapitated head rolls across the floor and onto... A plate. The BEEFY BOY spins around, clutcning at a shard protruding from his neck, his carotid artery spewing blood like a lawn sprinkler. 100. On a GIRL as his blood sprays across her face and... The BOY turns, arcing blood across... The Jackson Pollock PAINTING, which blends into the multi- colored canvas. Reeling into the stereo, the BOY scatters CDs everywhere. On RACHEL, clothes spattered red, tears streaming down her cheeks. screaming, her face a lacerated pulp with glass, shards sticking out of it like a pincushion. Surviving PARTYGOERS panic as they struggle to their feet and try to flee, stampeding over each other. , TRACY, ERIC and BRAD shove their way through the crowd. EXT. MARK'S HOUSE - NIGHT As SUE and BAR.BA k leap from the Volvo.. SUE hears the screams from within the house, takes in the shattered windows. Oh, not Rachel! They race to the door as... An IRON FIREPLACE POKER lifts up one end, then flies like a javelin towards BRAD's back as... bursts from the center of it, nearly spearing a surprised She jerks back, then pushes the door open with an effort. They enter and freeze as the door slams shut behind them, revealing a dead BRAD speared through the throat, pinned to the door. 101. Oai, my god. Where's Rachel? They see JESSE, then RACHEL covered in tattoos. A panicked itMY smashes into BARBARA, then runs toward a window. Spin through the air at high velocity. One of the deadly frisbees buries itself in AMY's back, spinning her around. More CDs embed in her stomach, chest and throat. eyes flash from a collapsing AMY to RACHEL God, it'ls her! She's doing it! Stop! Stop it! MARK, who realizes he's a dead man. He moves toward a shattered window, through which some PEOPLE escape. But RACHEL turns her head slightly and... A TELEKINETIC PULSE travels across the row of LIQUOR BOTTLES at the bar, exploding them one-by-one, spraying alcohol which douses SUE. A FLAMING LOG erupts from the fireplace... Striking the alcohol-drenched BAR, setting a blazing trail and lighting the curtains on fire, creating a wall of FLAMES before the windows. Stop it! You don't want to-- And RACHEL snaps her head around, launching another LOG from the fireplace which strikes SUE in the back, whose alcohol drenched clothes catch flames... and she , A. 102. A screaming SUE pitches forward, rolls on the floor to put out the flames, but caly succeeds in lighting another trail of liquor which creates a barrier to the backyard windows. In the eye of the storm is BARBARA, shaking her head in denial, muttering, as her mental state rapidly deteriorates. No, this isn't happening. It isn't happening, isn't happening... A HALLWAY where each of the DOORS ahead of them SLAM SHUT as they approach. Utter CHAOS, but RACHEL calmly turns into the hallway, following MARK, as if in a trance. I lowers his shoulder, crashes through a closing door into. A DEN where the walls are decorated with deer heads and hunting trophies. MARK and ERIC are smashing a standing glass case containing pistols and rifles. Screw that, get the shotguns! Shaking, freaked out, they gather weapons. d ERIC see RACHEL the end of the hall, silhouetted from behind. They take off in the other direction, TRACY bringing up the re Barrelling shoulders first into a door, the boys burst through and into... 103. EXTâ€¢ THE BACK YARD - NIGHT Where they almost stumble into the swimming pool. Toting their rifles, MARK, ERIC and TRACY turn to find RACHEL, at a gunfighter's distance, coming towards them. shoulders. TRACY slips on her glasses. Wait till she's closer. RACHEL's eyes narrow and... TRACY's glasses shatter into her eyes, spewing blood milky fluid. Aaaaa... She staggers, fires her shotgun into ERIC's groin and he lands sitting next to the pool. A dying ERIC stares at his shredded lap, then falls over. Oh, shit. .recovers, and swings his aim back at RACHEL. But his rifle goes sailing over his head and into the grass twenty feet behind him. He makes eye-contact with a grim RACHEL advancing toward him, and hauls ass. life, slithering through the grass and across the concrete at high speed to wrap around MARK's ankle and trip him up. He hits the ground hard and rolls over to find the hose twisting around his legs and up his waist like a python. grasps for the rifle, but falls short as the hose pins his other arm to his side, then curls around his windpipe in a stranglehold. 104. His eyes widen as the life is squeezed from him and he sees He gropes for the shotgun again... and finally grabs it. splashing into the pool. But she jolts on two... with his pinned hand and fired. She's holding her belly, gutshot, staggers and falls into the pool, disappearing amid a swirl of blood. gasps, points the gun into the pool and FIRES until it's silent and he's left pulling the trigger on empty chambers. He gets his breatking under control, leans over to look into the water of the deep end. He Aar on the sound of a mechanical whirring, and turns. A POOL COVER starts to unfold. At that moment... RACHEL'S BLOODY ARM bursts from the water and grips his neck. MARK grabs her forearm as her other arm yanks him into the pool. As RACHEL drags MARK down, he kicks and pummels her, but she holds on. The POOL COVER steadily closes over them, shutting out the light from above. the POOL COVER blocks his escape. He desperately pushes at it, eyes bulging, lungs burning, as his feet kick to keep him afloat. The POOL COYER closing as RACHEI, hauls herself from the water, barely making it out. MARK'S HAND, grabs her leg, slides, then clutches at the edge of the pool. His fingers slip under as the cover completely shuts. 105. M RX's head bulges the POOL COVER, then his hands punch feebly at it a few times. Then... nothing. Rachel! A weakened RACHEL lays by the pool. She seems to be snapping out of her trance as she rolls over and sees BARBARA. little girl reaching for her mother. Mama. Maury? BARBARA'S P.O.V. o but it's a FOUR-YEAR-OLD RACHEL, pristine, without tattoos. reaching for her. Mama, please. The 17-YEAR-OLD RACHEL, covered in blood and tattoos. She looks her daughter in the eyes, backs away in terror. What are you? You're not my little girl. No. The devil's in you.  Don't leave me, mama. But her mother disappears into the shadows. Please, I don't have... anyone. She rolls onto her back, looks up at the STARRY NIGHT. Please, God, let me die... And she tightly shuts her eyes. 106. A vision of hell -- crimson-stained walls and piled bodies. The fire is spreading, licking its way across the burning JESSE, in pain, still pinned to the wall. He raises his head and starts in fear as... o the center of the room, facing him. He sees the gunshot wounds in her stomach, then follows her gaze to... with a cracked screen, but still playing the tape of their intimate moment at the cabin, with a sleeping RACHEL laying He looks back at her. Rachel, listen. I swear, d know they were taping us. d never hurt you. She looks at his pleading eyes. I LOVE-- The TV SET now has the video footage of... INT. THE CABIN - NIGHT gently runs his fingers across her brow.  I love you . And oulls her closer. she was asleep. 107. turns back to JESSE, amazed. A BLAZING CHUNK of ceiling falls near her.  Rachel. Gat out, now. Go. And the KNIFE and the CORKSCREW drop away, releasing him. He falls to the floor, drags himself over... and takes RACHEL in his arms. He cradles her. She whispers and he bends over to hear. She whispers again... .love you. And all the TATTOOS fade from her face and body Love. Her face is serene. flames start to encircle them, just like in RACHEL's nightmare. back windows, but stumbles and goes down. Her eyes flutter open. Leave. Get out Instead of leaving her, JESSE hugs RACHEL closer. The sleeve of his jacket catches flames. And he accepts his fate. EXT. THE BACKYARD - NIGHT And a BODY is flung out the back window like a rag doll, clothes in flames. The BODY goes fifteen feet and falls onto the pool cover, its weight bowing the cover enough for water to rush over it. 108. INTâ€¢ THE LIVING ROOM - NIGHT her lips. The BURNING CEILING collapse, raining death on her. EXT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT .is now a burning inferno. A funeral pyre. At water level. All is quiet, there's only the sounds of the crackling fire and faraway sirens of firetrucks. Suddenly -- EXT. THE HILL - NIGHT From miles away -- the LIGHT given off by the BURNING HOUSE rises over the treeline. A dejected ARNIE and the two uncool BOYS who couldn't get into the party, leaning against a van, staring in amazement. Man, we are missing one killer party. And the peaceful sound of CRICKETS for the... FAD; IN TO: EXT. NOTRE DAM UNIVERSITY - NIGHT A CHURCH TOWER with a BELL overlooks the student dorm buildings. The darkened campus is tranquil, still. INT. HALLWAY, STUDENT DORM BUILDING - NIGHT posters and "Fighting Irish" stickers and pennants. 109. INT. DORM ROOM - NIGHT and a notebook. An all-night study session. His hair is shor., he's wearing a beard. His face is more mature, sadder. The beard largely hides some burn scars on one side of his face. Over the desk is a MIRROR and a "Fighting Irish" pennant. The only light comes from his desk lamp. He jerks awake with a spasm, glances at a digital clock glowing on his desk: 11:S$ A.M.  Jesus. WALTER, Rachel's dog, hops on his lap, licks at.his face. The sad-eyed DOG whimpers'and,JESSE scratches him. In the distance the CLOCK TOWER BELL can be heard CHIMING MIDNIGHT: One, two... As JESSE looks down and his eyes widen in surprise: Somehow, he's scrawled on the notebook paper on the desk in front of him: kINg of HELL Or, if you only look at the capitalized letters, it reads: Around it, the same phrase is written over and over again: kINg of HELL kINg of HELL kINg of HELL kINg of HELL kINg of HELL kINg of HELL kINg of HELL kINg of HELL How did... Trails off as he stares at the page. The CLOCK BELL in the background is still CHIMING: give, six, seven and... 110. T h e F R E N C H DOORS fly o behind JESSE. ns. It's the wind. The DOG starts barkin  Ssshhhh. Relax, boy. He takes a-deep breath, flips the page on the notebook, resumes his cram session. On the floor, the DOG looks at the open French doors, then scurries under the bed. A WOMAN' s FIGURE anding in the French doors, her face hidden up, sees the WOMAN reflected, spins to watch her stop forward into the light. It's RACHEL, in hAk slip dress.  Rachel?  Rachel. He rises, envelops her in his arms, and kisses her. He pulls back to take her in. T!!s two of thaw are reflected in ANOTHER MIRROR behind the r 's door. opens her mouth to speak -- A LARGE SNAKE back. Ho aacs. clutching at the SNAKE as it slithers down his throat, and qmIS'3i$ into the desk and mirror, shattering it on the -- A LOUD SCREAM as JESSE jerks awake at his desk. His heart He looks down at the paper in front of him. Filled only with his study notes. The dog, WALTER, is awake on the bed, blinking, having been stirred by the scream. He recovers, runs his hands through his hair. Starts reading. The DIGITAL CLOCK reads: 11:59 A.M. In the distance, the CLOCK BELL begins'chiming midnight: One, three... chime. The BELL CHIMES: Four The FRENCH DOORSNinat He turns back to his reading, his heart BEATING WILDLY again. Glances up at the mirror. Nothing. His HEARTBEATS and the BELL CHIMES get increasingly LQ= as,.. . He reads, glances up at the mirror, shivers, and it isn't in the cold. Move, to ANOTHER ANGLE : Where his image is MULTIPLIED TO INFINITY in the two mirror! Fear is written on his face. And we know he'll be looking over his shoulder... Until the day he dies. 